doc_id: 0
Wall Street Rebounds, Lifted by Technology Earnings
Strong earnings from two technology giants helped the stock market recover some of its losses on Friday, a positive end to Wall Street&rsquo;s worst week in five months. Microsoft and Google both beat earnings expectations this week, yields of government bonds ticked up, and copper, a crucial industrial metal, continued its fall, losing 2 percent.
doc_id: 1
G.E. Posts 16% Rise in Quarterly Profit
General Electric delivered a solid gain in first-quarter earnings on Friday despite economic weakness, especially in Europe, which is holding back demand for industrial equipment. G.E., the nation&rsquo;s largest industrial corporation, reported net income of $3.53 billion, or 34 cents a share, a 16 percent increase from $3.03 billion, or 29 cents
doc_id: 2
McDonald?s Profit Rises, but Year-Over-Year Sales Fall
McDonald&rsquo;s eked out a higher profit for its first quarter, the company reported Friday, even though its aggressively promoted Dollar Menu did not lift sales. In announcing its results , the company said that comparable sales worldwide fell 1 percent during the period and warned that comparable sales were expected to dip again in April. It was
doc_id: 3
COMMON SENSE; Hewlett-Packard and Its Obstinate Director
When Hewlett-Packard announced earlier this month that two directors were resigning and that Raymond Lane was giving up his title of chairman, the company portrayed the moves as selfless and purely voluntary. Would that it were so easy. &ldquo;Each one of our directors considered the results of our recent shareholder meeting and made the personal
doc_id: 4
Kimberly-Clark Benefits From Severe Flu Season
A severe flu season helped lift first-quarter earnings for the Kimberly-Clark Corporation , which makes Kleenex tissues, and the company raised its forecast for the year when it announced its results on Friday. In addition, Kimberly-Clark, whose shares closed at $106.10 on Friday, sold more of its Cottonelle toilet paper in the first quarter partly
doc_id: 5
Toyota Will Make Lexus ES 350 in Kentucky
With Toyota &rsquo;s announcement on Friday that it would build its Lexus luxury car for the first time in the United States, the automaker underscored how foreign companies are trying to capitalize on the country&rsquo;s robust automobile sales. Toyota has been eager to bolster its Lexus brand in the United States, the automaker&rsquo;s biggest
doc_id: 6
Cost-Cutting Helps Honeywell Profit Increase 17%
Honeywell International topped Wall Street&rsquo;s profit predictions on Friday, with its quarterly results helped by cost cuts. The company also raised the lower end of its 2013 earnings forecast. Honeywell, whose products include cockpit electronics, building security systems and turbochargers, reported a 17 percent increase in profit, as cost
doc_id: 7
F.A.A. Endorses Boeing Remedy for 787 Battery
Boeing &rsquo;s 787s could be flying again within weeks, a major milestone for the innovative passenger jets that have been grounded since January because of battery problems. The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday approved Boeing&rsquo;s plans to fix the plane&rsquo;s lithium-ion batteries after two of the batteries erupted in smoke and
doc_id: 8
G-20 Pushes for Measures to End Tax Evasion
The Group of 20 countries called on Friday for a coordinated effort to stop international tax evasion, urging governments to systematically share bank data. Finance ministers and central bankers of the G-20, meeting in Washington, said in a communiqu&eacute; that automatic exchange of tax-relevant bank information should be adopted as the global
doc_id: 9
Britain Accuses GlaxoSmithKline of Conspiring With Rivals
LONDON &mdash; British antitrust authorities accused the pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline on Friday of paying three rivals to delay the introduction of a generic version of an antidepressant drug. It is the latest in a series of similar cases that are drawing scrutiny from regulators on both sides of the Atlantic. Britain&rsquo;s Office of
doc_id: 10
Company Plugs Pension Hole With Cheese
LONDON &mdash; Dairy Crest, one of Britain&rsquo;s top producers of dairy products, has chosen a novel solution for its pension deficit: give it a cheddar cheese filling. The company said Friday that it would add &pound;60 million, or $92 million, worth of cheddar cheese to its pension fund. That is about 20,000 tons of cheese or 40 percent of
doc_id: 11
Fund?s Debut in Thailand Raises Hopes
BANGKOK &mdash; Soaring stock markets in Southeast Asia could get a surge of new listings this year, after a record initial public offering in Thailand rose by more than a fifth in its first day of trading Friday. The price of units of BTS Rail Mass Transit Growth Infrastructure fund rose as much as 22 percent before closing up 13 percent in the
doc_id: 12
OFF THE CHARTS; Stimulus Lets Developing Economies Recover More Quickly
THIS has not been a good recovery for the wealthy countries. Growth has lagged, in part, because government spending has been far more restrained than in past recoveries from major recessions. But developing economies have been free to increase government spending, and their economies are generally growing more rapidly than they did after past
doc_id: 13
Questions Remain as Market Falls for Second Day
The stock market fell again on Thursday and the Standard &amp; Poor&rsquo;s 500-stock index closed below a crucial technical level after disappointing financial forecasts from eBay and other companies cast doubt on the market&rsquo;s recent strength. The S.&amp; P. 500 ended below its 50-day moving average of 1,543.04 for the first time this year,
doc_id: 14
F.A.A. Expected to Approve 787 Dreamliner Fix
The Federal Aviation Administration is expected on Friday to approve Boeing &rsquo;s plans to fix the batteries on its new 787 Dreamliner jets, a decision that could soon allow the planes to return to service after being grounded for more than three months. People briefed on the matter said the F.A.A. administrator, Michael P. Huerta, and
doc_id: 15
HIGH & LOW FINANCE; Gold, Currency to Some, Is Acting Like a Speculative Commodity
What do you get when you combine evangelical fervor with leverage and rising speculation? The gold market, circa 2013. In the more than four decades since President Richard M. Nixon severed the dollar&rsquo;s last ties to gold, there have been two bull markets in gold &mdash; markets that peaked not that far apart, when adjusted for inflation. To a
doc_id: 16
Bill Seeks to Tie Municipal Borrowing to Public Pension Disclosure
Representatives from California and two other states introduced a bill in Congress on Thursday that would strip states and cities of their right to issue tax-exempt bonds unless they first disclosed the true cost of their pension plans and whether they could pay it. The measure seeks to prevent more municipal bankruptcies like the one in Stockton,
doc_id: 17
CORNER OFFICE; Describe Your Career DNA in One Word
This interview with George Hu , chief operating officer at Salesforce, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant . Q. You worked your way up from intern to chief operating officer at Salesforce in a decade. Where did you get your drive? A. It&rsquo;s interesting, especially with all the publicity around the &ldquo;Tiger Mom.&rdquo; My parents are
doc_id: 18
Toyota Said to Plan to Make Lexus ES in Kentucky
DETROIT &mdash; The Toyota Motor Corporation is expected to announce on Friday that it will expand production at its plant in Kentucky, most likely adding a line for the luxury Lexus sedan. Toyota currently does not build any luxury models in the United States. It does make the Lexus RX sport utility vehicle at its Lexus plant in Cambridge,
doc_id: 19
Banks Revive Risky Loans and Mortgages
The alchemists of Wall Street are at it again. The banks that created risky amalgams of mortgages and loans during the boom &mdash; the kind that went so wrong during the bust &mdash; are busily reviving the same types of investments that many thought were gone for good. Once more, arcane-sounding financial products like collateralized debt
doc_id: 20
Penney Sales of Martha Stewart Goods Allowed
A New York appeals court judge on Thursday ruled that the J.C. Penney Company could sell Martha Stewart goods under a &ldquo;JCP Everyday&rdquo; label for now, pending an appeal by Macy&rsquo;s. Justice Richard T. Andrias of the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court in Manhattan rejected Macy&rsquo;s request for a temporary restraining order
doc_id: 21
New Test Detects Most Colorectal Cancers, Study Finds
A new noninvasive screening test can detect most cases of colorectal cancer and also many precancerous polyps, potentially helping to sharply reduce the death toll from the disease, according to results of a study released on Thursday. Still, the results fell short of investor expectations and even those of the company that developed the test, the
doc_id: 22
Merkel Concedes on Quotas for Women
BERLIN &mdash; In a rare political setback for the world&rsquo;s most powerful woman, Chancellor Angela Merkel on Thursday found herself forced to give in to a rebellious bloc in her own party who insisted that Germany &rsquo;s leading companies be compelled to increase the number of women on their boards. Ms. Merkel, Germany&rsquo;s first female
doc_id: 23
Cyprus Bailout Wins Easy Approval From Germany
BERLIN &mdash; Germany&rsquo;s lower house of Parliament approved the bailout package for Cyprus on Thursday, bringing to an end to months of debate in Berlin. Wolfgang Sch&auml;uble, Germany&rsquo;s finance minister, warned lawmakers ahead of the vote that despite its tiny size, Cyprus could still endanger the broader economy of the European Union
doc_id: 24
Global Carmakers Wrestle With India Slump
MUMBAI &mdash; Car sales in India have fallen sharply, creating challenges for global automakers like General Motors, Honda and Volkswagen, which have invested billions of dollars in factories, product development and marketing in the country. India&rsquo;s slowing economic growth, high interest rates and rising fuel prices have led to the biggest
doc_id: 25
Japan?s Annual Trade Deficit Surges, Hit by Energy Needs
TOKYO &mdash; A dispute over islands with China that led to boycotts of Japanese goods, coupled with rising energy purchases to compensate for idled nuclear plants, gave Japan a record annual trade deficit last year, the government said on Thursday, in another sign of a steadily worsening trade situation for this onetime export juggernaut. In the
doc_id: 26
French Court Orders Lagarde to Appear in Tapie Case
PARIS &mdash; A French court has ordered Christine Lagarde , the managing director of the International Monetary Fund , to appear at a hearing next month connected to an investigation of her handling of a financial scandal when she was the French finance minister. On Thursday, Ms. Lagarde&rsquo;s lawyer confirmed the court summons, which was first
doc_id: 27
Italian Tax Police Seize Documents From JPMorgan in Milan
MILAN &mdash; The Italian tax police descended on the Milan offices of the investment bank JPMorgan on Thursday in search of documents related to their investigation of suspected fraud at Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, as a financial scandal widened. The arrival of the police at the central Milan office of the U.S. bank came two days after
doc_id: 28
ADVERTISING; Celebrating Black Beauty and Advocating Diversity
TYPICALLY, cause-marketing efforts involve profit-making companies partnering with charities to raise money. But Procter &amp; Gamble , with its seven-year-old My Black Is Beautiful initiative, is introducing a project that is surprisingly ambitious even by the consumer goods giant&rsquo;s standards. On Sunday, Procter &amp; Gamble will present a
doc_id: 29
Judge Rules Against Viacom in Copyright Suit Against YouTube
A federal judge said on Thursday that Viacom was being &ldquo;anachronistic&rdquo; in the copyright infringement lawsuit it filed against YouTube for using unauthorized clips of shows like &ldquo;The Daily Show With Jon Stewart&rdquo; and &ldquo;South Park.&rdquo; The $1 billion lawsuit, first filed in a New York federal court in 2007, became a
doc_id: 30
Dove Ad on Women?s Self-Image Creates an Online Sensation
The latest commercial for Dove seems to have gone beyond the skin and touched a nerve. An online video , presented in three- and six-minute versions, shows a forensic sketch artist who is asked to draw a series of women based only on their descriptions. Seated at a drafting table with his back to his subject, the artist, Gil Zamora, asks the women
doc_id: 31
Fox News, MSNBC and the Gun Debate
President Obama hadn&rsquo;t finished his first sentence on Wednesday when the Fox News Channel cut away from his Rose Garden remarks about the Senate&rsquo;s defeat of a measure that would have expanded background checks for gun buyers. Viewers were told they could watch the rest online if they wanted to. Then the hosts of &ldquo;The Five,&rdquo;
doc_id: 32
Lionsgate Updates Its Animated Logo
LAS VEGAS &ndash; Lionsgate&rsquo;s public face just got some major plastic surgery. Every decade or so, movie studios update their animated logo &mdash; Universal&rsquo;s revolving globe, for example, and Fox&rsquo;s searchlights. The tweaks are typically very minor. But Lionsgate, looking to underscore its growth, on Thursday unveiled a radically
doc_id: 33
A Coding Standard to Track Media Assets Is Proposed
For advertisers and media companies, keeping track and organizing the tonnage of media assets &mdash; from video clips to commercials &mdash; can be a challenge, particularly online. On Thursday, a media industry organization announced the findings of a two-year study that uses a coding system to monitor these assets, similar to how U.P.C. labels
doc_id: 34
New Twitter Service Hopes to Capture Musical Trends
Twitter&rsquo;s music service is no longer just for Ryan Seacrest. A week after teasing the Internet by giving celebrities like Mr. Seacrest a first look to test it or, most likely, to build up a ready set of excited endorsements &mdash; WAY TO GO YAY !! :) &mdash; Twitter has granted all 200 million users access to its much-anticipated music
doc_id: 35
Unemployment Data Signals a Softening Economy
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &mdash; The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose last week and factory activity in the nation&rsquo;s mid-Atlantic region cooled in April, providing further signs of a moderation in economic growth. Underscoring the softening growth outlook, another report on Thursday showed that a gauge of
doc_id: 36
Monetary Fund Chief Warns Against ?3-Speed? Recovery
Christine Lagarde , managing director of the International Monetary Fund , called for moving the world into a &ldquo;full-speed recovery&rdquo; at a news conference on Thursday at the opening of the fund&rsquo;s annual spring meetings with its sister institution, the World Bank . Ms. Lagarde, echoing an earlier warning, expressed concern about what
doc_id: 37
F.T.C. Takes Aim at Unwarranted Cellphone Charges
WASHINGTON &mdash; Those surreptitious charges for flirting tips, yoga lessons and psychic services, long a problem on landlines, have become a costly nuisance for mobile phone users &mdash; and a new focus for regulators. In the last two years, regulators have found that hundreds of thousands of mobile phone users have been charged for
doc_id: 38
Apple and Bank of America Lead Market Downturn
The stock market fell in a broad sell-off on Wednesday, led by a sharp drop in shares of Apple on worries about slowing demand for its products. A decline in Bank of America, after it reported weaker-than-expected financial results, pulled down the financial sector. Apple slid 5.5 percent to $402.80 after falling below $400 for the first time since
doc_id: 39
Japanese See Gold as Hedge Against Stocks and Yen
TOKYO &mdash; When he woke up to the news of a collapse in gold prices, Yujiro Yamashita, 63, made his way to the posh Ginza district of Tokyo to make his first purchase of the metal in 20 years. Mr. Yamashita and other contrarian, individual Japanese investors understand that gold is a volatile investment, but they say it is better than the
doc_id: 40
New-Car Sales Fall 10.2% in Europe, Continuing Slump
PARIS &mdash; European new car sales contracted in March for an 18th consecutive month, led by declines in Germany and France, industry data showed on Wednesday. New vehicle registrations in the European Union fell 10.2 percent from a year ago, the European Automobile Manufacturers&rsquo; Association reported from Brussels, slipping to 1.3 million
doc_id: 41
Opposition to Austerity Grows Louder in European Parliament
BRUSSELS &mdash; Three boos for the troika. That was the sentiment from some members of the European Parliament on Wednesday, who roundly condemned the three-member team of international taskmasters that for critics has become the symbol of crushing economic austerity in Europe. The so-called troika &mdash; the International Monetary Fund , the
doc_id: 42
Tesco to Pay Dearly to Leave United States
LONDON &mdash; After six years of fruitless attempts to make money in the United States, the supermarket chain Tesco said Wednesday that its withdrawal from the market would come at a big cost. Tesco has yet to decide how to exit the U.S. market, where it set up the Fresh &amp; Easy convenience stores in 2007, but said it would cost &pound;1.2
doc_id: 43
I.M.F. Warns of Risk as Company Debt Grows
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &mdash; Easy monetary policy in the United States has led to looser standards for corporate borrowing as company debt continues to grow, posing a risk to financial stability, the International Monetary Fund warned on Wednesday. Over all, finances around the world have improved in the last six months, and there were few clear
doc_id: 44
Euro Zone Crisis Has Increased I.M.F.?s Power
FRANKFURT &mdash; When Wolfgang Sch&auml;uble, the German finance minister and war horse of European politics, celebrated his 70th birthday at a theater in Berlin last September, two of the most powerful women in the world offered warm words in his honor. One was Chancellor Angela Merkel. The other, delivering the keynote speech, was Christine
doc_id: 45
Disney-AMC Theaters Dispute Breaks Into Public
LAS VEGAS &mdash; In the annual Hollywood ritual here known as CinemaCon, studio executives visit to wine and dine movie theater owners, or &ldquo;exhibitor friends&rdquo; in the parlance of the convention. But attendees on Tuesday got a peek at the hard knuckles behind those smiles &mdash; on both sides &mdash; as strained negotiations broke into
doc_id: 46
The F.B.I. Criticizes the News Media After Several Mistaken Reports of an Arrest
The F.B.I. scolded several news outlets on Wednesday for mistakenly reporting that an arrest had been made in the Boston Marathon bombings, and warned that such unverified reporting could have &ldquo;unintended consequences&rdquo; for its investigation. Numerous organizations, including The Associated Press, The Boston Globe and several local
doc_id: 47
News Media Weigh Use of Photos of Carnage
Even for a society comfortable with blood and gore in its movies and video games, the bombings at the Boston Marathon have sparked a new debate among news organizations about when images are too gruesome to display. The biggest controversy brewed around The Daily News of New York, which covered up a bloody wound on a victim&rsquo;s leg in the
doc_id: 48
?True Story? Is Based on the Conning of a Shamed Journalist
GARNERVILLE, N.Y. &mdash; Some come here for the pork chops. But on a recent morning this month, they were featuring the actor Jonah Hill at Sparky&rsquo;s, a roadside diner in this hamlet , some 37 miles up the Hudson River from Midtown Manhattan. Outside, a crowd of extras done up in flannel and camouflage chomped breakfast sandwiches next to a
doc_id: 49
Housing and Auto Sales Lifted Economy, Fed Says
WASHINGTON (AP) &mdash; A strengthening housing recovery and robust auto sales contributed to moderate economic growth across the United States in late February and March, according to a Federal Reserve survey released Wednesday. Growth was moderate or modest in all of the Fed&rsquo;s 12 banking districts, and it accelerated in two &mdash; New York
doc_id: 50
SMALL-BUSINESS GUIDE; Businesses Going Abroad Learn to Master Currencies
Jean-Paul Tennant is in the adventure business, but that does not mean he enjoys taking risks. He is chief executive of a travel company, Geographic Expeditions , that specializes in arranging ambitious trips to exotic lands, places where unstable local currencies can make financial transactions a challenge. Based in San Francisco, the 31-year-old
doc_id: 51
GREEN COLUMN; Europe Faces a Crisis in Energy Costs
LONDON &mdash; The signs are everywhere. Britain has been unable to reach a deal for its first new nuclear power station since the 1990s. Spain, once a clean-energy enthusiast, has slashed its backing for wind and solar power . Even the European Union&rsquo;s flagship environmental achievement of recent years, its Emissions Trading System for
doc_id: 52
Earnings Data Brings the Bulls Back
The stock market climbed more than 1 percent on Tuesday, a day after its worst decline since November, as gold prices stabilized after Monday&rsquo;s fall and earnings from Coca-Cola and Johnson &amp; Johnson improved the outlook for first-quarter results. A drop in the Consumer Price Index , which reinforced Wall Street&rsquo;s expectations that
doc_id: 53
Report on U.S. Meat Sounds Alarm on ?Superbugs?
More than half of samples of ground turkey, pork chops and ground beef collected from supermarkets for testing by the federal government contained a bacteria resistant to antibiotics , according to a new report highlighting the findings. The data, collected in 2011 by the National Antimicrobial Resistance Monitoring System &mdash; a joint program
doc_id: 54
Supreme Court Rules in Favor Of 1 Worker, but Not Another
WASHINGTON &mdash; In a pair of 5-to-4 decisions issued on Tuesday, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of an injured airline mechanic and against a registered nurse who said her pay had been unfairly docked. Both rulings divided along familiar ideological lines, and only Justice Anthony M. Kennedy was in the majority in both. The dissenters in each
doc_id: 55
American Airlines Resuming Flights After Computer Problem
American Airlines was forced to ground all of its flights for several hours on Tuesday after a nationwide problem with its computer systems. By late afternoon, its computers were back up and its operation were slowly coming back to life. More than 400 flights were canceled and scores more were delayed after a systemwide problem that started around
doc_id: 56
J.&amp;J. Wins Court Challenge Over Hip Device
A jury in Chicago rejected claims on Tuesday that the orthopedics unit of Johnson &amp; Johnson inappropriately marketed an artificial hip, which the company recalled in 2010. The verdict came in the second trial of some 10,000 pending lawsuits involving the all-metal device, which was known as the Articular Surface Replacement, or A.S.R. In March,
doc_id: 57
F.D.A. Bars Generic OxyContin
In a major policy move, the Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday that it would not approve generic versions of the powerful narcotic OxyContin, the painkiller that symbolized a decade-long epidemic of prescription drug abuse. The move represents a victory for OxyContin&rsquo;s manufacturer, Purdue Pharma, which in 2010 introduced a formulation
doc_id: 58
F.D.A. Rejects Levadex, a New Drug for Migraines
Only weeks after Allergan spent nearly $1 billion to acquire the rights to a new drug for migraine headaches , the Food and Drug Administration has rejected the product. Allergan said Tuesday morning that the F.D.A. had declined to approve the drug, Levadex, because of concerns about the manufacturing of the inhaler used to dispense it. Levadex is
doc_id: 59
ECONOMIC SCENE; The Danger of Seeking Perfect Immigration Reform
Luis Maga&ntilde;a has been an advocate of the rights of immigrant farm workers for his entire adult life. The son and grandson of migrants from the Mexican state of Michoac&aacute;n who came to California as guest workers in 1917 and 1943, Mr. Maga&ntilde;a is a longtime friend. He has taken on every cause, from improving dismal working conditions
doc_id: 60
Europe Finds Horse DNA in 5% of Tested Beef
LONDON &mdash; Two months after a horse meat scandal first gripped Europe, tests conducted by European Union countries showed on Tuesday that France had found the most beef products containing horse DNA, while Britain had detected the most traces of a painkiller banned from the human food chain. Results from more than 7,000 tests carried out by the
doc_id: 61
Italy Orders Seizure of $2.4 Billion in Siena Bank Inquiry
FRANKFURT &mdash; Italian officials on Tuesday broadened their investigation into whether the Japanese investment bank Nomura had helped hide losses at the troubled lender Monte dei Paschi di Siena by ordering the police to seize assets worth $2.35 billion. They also named Nomura&rsquo;s former top European executive, Sadeq Sayeed, as a suspect.
doc_id: 62
Moody?s Downgrades Banque PSA Finance?s Ratings
PARIS &mdash; Efforts by PSA Peugeot Citro&euml;n to overcome a painful slump suffered a setback on Tuesday when Moody&rsquo;s Investors Service cut its credit rating on the carmaker&rsquo;s finance unit to junk, a recognition that it had become largely dependent on government credit guarantees for market access. Moody&rsquo;s cut the standalone
doc_id: 63
South Korea Proposes $15.3 Billion Stimulus Budget
SEOUL &mdash; The South Korean government proposed a 17.3 trillion won stimulus Tuesday to revive slowing growth in the country. The $15.3 billion effort would be the third-largest supplementary budget ever in South Korea. It would be exceeded, when measured as a proportion of gross domestic product, only by the efforts approved after the 1998 Asia
doc_id: 64
Europe Vote Sets Back Carbon Plan
LONDON &mdash; Europe, which led the world in creating a system of emission permits to combat greenhouse-gas emissions, dealt a potential death blow to that system on Tuesday. Focusing on immediate economic concerns over future environmental ones, the European Parliament narrowly rejected a proposal to cut the number of pollution permits. Fewer
doc_id: 65
Academy Will Bring Back Oscar Producers for 2014
LOS ANGELES &mdash; The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is doubling down on the last Oscar show by bringing back its producers, Craig Zadan and Neil Meron, to oversee next year&rsquo;s Academy Awards ceremony, the academy confirmed on Tuesday. The Los Angeles Times on Tuesday afternoon reported that Mr. Zadan and Mr. Meron were rehired
doc_id: 66
Theater Owners Call for Fewer R-Rated Movies
LAS VEGAS &mdash; Clashing messages took center stage on Tuesday morning at CinemaCon, the annual gathering of movie theater owners. The movie business has never been healthier, except that attendance in North America is down 12 percent so far this year compared to last. There was a plea for fewer R-rated movies, followed by chest-thumping from
doc_id: 67
David Mamet and Other Big Authors Choose to Self-Publish
When the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright and author David Mamet released his last book, &ldquo;The Secret Knowledge: On the Dismantling of American Culture,&rdquo; with the Sentinel publishing house in 2011, it sold well enough to make the New York Times best-seller list. This year, when Mr. Mamet set out to publish his next one, a novella and
doc_id: 68
Digital Notes: Spotify?s Global Ambitions
The worldwide competition among digital music services continues to grow as Spotify expands in Asia, Europe and Latin America. The company, which lets users stream millions of songs free (with ads) or by monthly subscription of $5 to $10 (without ads, and with mobile and other perks), announced on Tuesday that it was opening in Mexico, Hong Kong,
doc_id: 69
ADVERTISING; Mun2 Relies Heavily on Reality Shows Starring Celebrities
REALITY television was the major theme on Tuesday for the bilingual cable channel Mun2, owned by Telemundo Media, a division of NBCUniversal . Executives announced 200 hours of original programming for the 2013 and 2014 seasons that focus mainly on celebrity-infused reality shows, music and sports for young, bilingual and bicultural Latinos in the
doc_id: 70
21st Century Fox Is Name for News Corp. Media Unit
News Corporation has chosen the name 21st Century Fox for its new media and entertainment company, which will include Fox News, Fox Broadcasting and its Hollywood television and movie studio. In a note to staff members on Tuesday, Rupert Murdoch, chairman and chief executive of News Corporation, said the name &ldquo;draws upon the creative heritage
doc_id: 71
To Promote Brad Pitt Zombie Movie, Paramount Plays Up the Horrors
LAS VEGAS -- &ldquo;Terrifying.&rdquo; &ldquo;Much scarier than I expected.&rdquo; &ldquo;Brad Pitt would seriously take a child to see this?&rdquo; That was some of the chatter at a convention of movie theater owners here on Monday night following a peek at Mr. Pitt&rsquo;s expensive &ldquo;World War Z,&rdquo; a zombie-apocalypse thriller that
doc_id: 72
Viewers Flock to TV News After Boston Blasts
Millions of viewers turned to cable news starting Monday afternoon as word spread of the bomb attacks at the Boston Marathon. At both CNN and Fox News, viewing levels spiked starting after 3 p.m., growing to over three million viewers for CNN and over four million for Fox News. Interest continued into the prime-time hours, and Piers Morgan&rsquo;s
doc_id: 73
InsideClimate News Hopes to Build on Pulitzer
Finally, a good excuse for journalists to drink alone. When three reporters for InsideClimate News found out they won the Pulitzer Prize for national reporting on Monday, none were in the same city &mdash; Elizabeth McGowan was in Washington, Lisa Song was in Boston and David Hasemyer was in New York. &ldquo;We&rsquo;re a virtual
doc_id: 74
Weakening Seen in Economic Growth Data
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &mdash; Consumer prices fell in March for the first time in four months and industrial production slipped, strengthening the argument for the Federal Reserve Board to maintain its monetary stimulus to speed up economic growth. Other data released on Tuesday suggested that the housing market recovery was losing momentum, even
doc_id: 75
Response From Reinhart and Rogoff
Following is a statement on Tuesday from Professors Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff in response to a new paper that cited flaws in their 2010 study, &ldquo;Growth in a Time of Debt.&rdquo; We literally just received this draft comment, and will review it in due course. On a cursory look, it seems that that Herndon, Ash and Pollin also find lower
doc_id: 76
I.M.F. Lowers Estimates for Global Economic Growth for 2013
WASHINGTON &mdash; With economic leaders gathering in Washington for the World Bank and International Monetary Fund spring meetings this week, the I.M.F. has nudged down its estimates for world growth in 2013. In a periodic update to its economic projections, the fund said on Tuesday that it expected global growth of about 3.3 percent this year and
doc_id: 77
To Be a Great Flier, Be a Great Sleeper
I DON&rsquo;T mind business travel. I&rsquo;m an excellent flier because I&rsquo;m an excellent sleeper. I have absolutely no problem falling asleep really anywhere. As chief executive of the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, most of my travel now involves meetings with retailers to bring their brands here, and organizations to bring their conventions
doc_id: 78
Wall Street and Gold Slump
The prices of stocks and gold appeared to chase each other sharply lower on Monday after a report said growth unexpectedly slowed in China. The stall in the rise of the world&rsquo;s second-largest economy pushed Wall Street&rsquo;s broadest stock index down 2.3 percent by the close of trading and put heavy selling pressure on gold, oil and other
doc_id: 79
Drug Makers Use Safety Rule to Block Generics
For decades, pharmaceutical companies have deployed an array of tactics aimed at preventing low-cost copies of their drugs from entering the marketplace. But federal regulators contend the latest strategy &mdash; which relies on a creative interpretation of drug safety laws &mdash; is illegal. The Federal Trade Commission recently weighed in on a
doc_id: 80
ON THE ROAD; Global Entry Speeds Customs for Returning U.S. Travelers
THE Customs and Border Protection officer and I were definitely having a problem, but he was determined to fix it. &ldquo;Please try one more time,&rdquo; he kept asking me at the agency&rsquo;s offices by the Mexican border in Nogales, Ariz., where I had reported for the personal interview that is required as part of enrollment in the popular
doc_id: 81
AMR Submits Formal Plan to Exit Bankruptcy
AMR, the parent company of American Airlines , filed its formal plans to exit bankruptcy late Monday, bringing its proposed $11 billion merger with the US Airways Group closer to reality. The reorganization plan, which details some executive compensation and outlines measures for creditors and shareholders, is a necessary step before the two
doc_id: 82
Public Pours Scorn on Airport Body Scanners
One traveler criticized the body scanners at airport checkpoints as &ldquo;an overpriced technology that provides a false sense of security and a real sense of intrusion into our personal lives.&rdquo; A second called the machines a &ldquo;disgrace,&rdquo; requiring travelers to stand &ldquo;with arms in the air and hands overhead, for screening
doc_id: 83
Justices Mull Patents on Human Genes
WASHINGTON &mdash; In a lively Supreme Court argument on Monday, the justices struggled to find a narrow way to rule on the momentous question of whether human genes may be patented . &ldquo;Why should we jump in and decide the broadest possible question?&rdquo; asked Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. To simplify the complex scientific and legal
doc_id: 84
Trustee in Madoff Fraud Loses Ruling on Related New York State Settlement
The trustee seeking money for victims of Bernard L. Madoff &rsquo;s multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme was barred on Monday from blocking a $410 million settlement resolving New York State&rsquo;s claims against a hedge fund manager, J. Ezra Merkin , who was accused of secretly steering client money to Mr. Madoff. The trustee, Irving H. Picard , had
doc_id: 85
INSIDE EUROPE; In Germany, a Party Aims to End Euro
BERLIN &mdash; The political establishment has dismissed Germany&rsquo;s new anti-euro party as a fear-mongering populist aberration that could implode even before a looming national election. But the first congress of the Alternative for Germany showed that the party, started only a few months ago by a group of academics, journalists and
doc_id: 86
India, Known for Outsourcing, Now Wants to Make Its Own Chips
NEW DELHI &mdash; The government of India, home to many of the world&rsquo;s leading software outsourcing companies, wants to replicate that success by creating a homegrown industry for computer hardware. But unlike software, which requires little infrastructure, building electronics is a far more demanding business. Chip makers need vast
doc_id: 87
Iceland and China Enter a Free Trade Agreement
PARIS &mdash; In its first such agreement with a European country, China signed a free-trade deal with Iceland on Monday as Beijing reached out for allies at a time when many of its trading partners are wary of its increasing economic might. The accord, meant to eliminate most tariffs over the next few years, was signed by trade officials in
doc_id: 88
European Lawmakers to Vote on Tougher Carbon Measure
LONDON &mdash; Efforts to put some bite into Europe&rsquo;s toothless market for carbon-emission permits face a crucial vote Tuesday in the European Parliament. Lawmakers will decide whether to let the European Commission take steps that would probably raise the price of emissions credits. At the current prices, polluters have little incentive to
doc_id: 89
In Surprise, Recovery in China Loses Steam
HONG KONG &mdash; China&rsquo;s newly installed leadership is facing a major challenge on the economic front, after data released Monday showed that the country&rsquo;s growth had unexpectedly lost momentum in the first quarter, complicating Beijing&rsquo;s efforts to promote higher-quality output that relies less on credit-fueled investment.
doc_id: 90
Europe Split Over Austerity as a Path to Growth
WASHINGTON &mdash; In the last year, the International Monetary Fund has performed a major reassessment of how it thinks austerity harms a weak, financially troubled economy. But while warning of the perils of slow growth, it still often insists on austerity for just such economies. The tension between those realities will be on full display in
doc_id: 91
Wealth Study Heats Up Euro Crisis Debate in Germany
FRANKFURT &mdash; The European Central Bank normally does its best to hold the euro together, but a study it recently issued has created a furor that could do the opposite: drive a wedge in European unity. Many Germans, egged on by German news media, are upset about the study&rsquo;s conclusion &mdash; never mind how misleading &mdash; that they
doc_id: 92
Greece Reaches a Deal for More Bailout Money
ATHENS &mdash; After nearly two weeks of tense negotiations, Greece and its troika of foreign creditors said Monday that they had clinched an agreement on economic measures that Athens must enforce to secure the release of further crucial rescue money. Those measures include thousands of layoffs in the civil service. &ldquo;We wrapped it up; we
doc_id: 93
2013 Journalism Pulitzer Winners
The Pulitzer Prizes were announced on Monday. The list of winners in the journalism categories follows. PUBLIC SERVICE THE SUN SENTINEL, Fort Lauderdale, Fla. The Sun Sentinel won its first Pulitzer Prize for a three-part series by Sally Kestin, 48, an investigative reporter, and John Maines, 57, a database editor, that examined the driving speeds
doc_id: 94
Library Group Lists Frequently Challenged Books
Sadomasochism, gay penguins and Captain Underpants. This is what passed for controversial in American literature in 2012, according to the American Library Association&rsquo;s annual list of &ldquo;frequently challenged books,&rdquo; released on Monday. The A.L.A.'s Office for Intellectual Freedom compiles reports on complaints filed with a library
doc_id: 95
ADVERTISING; Tena Tries Fresh Terms for a Delicate Topic
BECAUSE it&rsquo;s not the cheeriest of topics, advertising for products that treat women&rsquo;s urinary incontinence tends to steer clear of medical terminology. Poise , a Kimberly-Clark brand, uses the term &ldquo;light bladder leakage,&rdquo; while Tena , an SCA Personal Care brand, uses one that could just as easily describe the kitchen sink,
doc_id: 96
New York Times Wins 4 Pulitzer Prizes
The New York Times won four Pulitzer Prizes on Monday, including two awards for its reporting on the actions of companies like Apple and Wal-Mart overseas, and another for an examination of the hidden wealth of the Chinese premier&rsquo;s family . In a sign of the changing news business, an independent nonprofit organization based in Brooklyn,
doc_id: 97
2013 Pulitzer Prizes for Letters, Drama and Music
The Pulitzer Prizes were announced on Monday. Following is the complete list of winners in letters, drama and music. FICTION ADAM JOHNSON &ldquo; The Orphan Master&rsquo;s Son &rdquo; (Random House) Mr. Johnson, 45, was cited by the board for an &ldquo;exquisitely crafted novel that carries the reader on an adventuresome journey into the depths of
doc_id: 98
Esquire Network Debut Is Postponed
The new Esquire Network has pushed back the first day of its newly branded cable channel until sometime in the summer, the top executive at the channel said on Monday. The channel was to have had its debut next week. The news of the delay, first reported by The Hollywood Reporter, an entertainment industry Web site, was confirmed in a statement by
doc_id: 99
Alaska Grants a Tax Break to Oil Companies
Hoping to reverse two decades of declining oil production in Alaska, the State Legislature in Juneau has granted oil companies an estimated $750 million in annual tax relief to increase investment in the giant North Slope oil field. The tax change, approved on Sunday, was a major victory for Exxon Mobil, ConocoPhillips and BP, which had lobbied for
doc_id: 100
LOOKING AHEAD; Economic Reports for the Week of April 15
ECONOMIC REPORTS Data to be released include the Consumer Price Index , housing starts and industrial production for March (Tuesday); the Federal Reserve&rsquo;s beige book (Wednesday); and weekly jobless claims and leading economic indicators for March (Thursday). CORPORATE EARNINGS Companies scheduled to release quarterly results include
doc_id: 101
Treasury Auctions Set for This Week
The Treasury&rsquo;s schedule of financing this week includes Monday&rsquo;s regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday. At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.06 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.09 percent, and
doc_id: 102
As Court Considers Gene Patents, Case May Overlook Relevant Issues
The Supreme Court is poised to take up the highly charged question of whether human genes can be patented. But another question could trump it: Has the field of genetics moved so far so fast that whatever the court decides, it has come too late to the issue? The case, which will come before the court on Monday, involves patents held by Myriad
doc_id: 103
POLITICAL ECONOMY; Markets Fail to Keep Pressure on Italian Leaders
Italy could do with some market pressure. Italian bond yields are now lower than they were before the inconclusive election in February. But as the politicians plan, the economy burns. With markets calm, there is insufficient urgency to press on with long-needed economic and political changes. The fall in 10-year bond yields, which were 4.3 percent
doc_id: 104
President of Cyprus Criticizes Bank Chief
NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) &mdash; The president of Cyprus chided the nation&rsquo;s central banker on Sunday, telling him to try to stabilize the bailed-out country&rsquo;s troubled banking sector rather than acting in ways that catch the government by surprise. President Nicos Anastasiades did not say what the central bank governor, Panicos O.
doc_id: 105
SPECIAL REPORT: WELL APPOINTED; Choosing a Scent That Suits Your Business Destination
NEW YORK &mdash; To the list of things that are difficult to wear on an international business trip, like stilettos or shorts, add one more: fragrance. This is because your everyday, ideal-for-the-office scent may be too light for the people you&rsquo;re meeting with in Dubai or too strong for your colleagues in Tokyo. &ldquo;Taste for perfume has
doc_id: 106
SPECIAL REPORT: WELL APPOINTED; Among the Pink Organza, Down-To-Earth Basics for Business
MILAN &mdash; If you happen to have watched the runways in Paris and Milan six months ago, you might have noticed a spirited case being made for a women&rsquo;s 2013 spring wardrobe of completely sheer dresses, giant vertical cascades of neoprene ruffles and origami-like folds sailing well above midthigh, balanced on soles as thick as a layer cake.
doc_id: 107
India Considers Allowing More Foreign Investment
NEW DELHI &mdash; The finance minister of India will seek to drum up investment from the United States and Canada this week to reduce a record current account deficit, even as policy makers debate the risks of overreliance on foreign investors to close the gap. As Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram starts a weeklong North American trip,
doc_id: 108
Support Grows for European Effort to Fight Tax Havens
DUBLIN &mdash; Europe&rsquo;s effort to crack down on tax havens gained momentum during the weekend as the number of countries agreeing to share more bank information doubled. Miroslav Kalousek, the Czech finance minister, pledged to join the push for more automatic exchanges of bank records that already had the backing of Britain, France, Germany,
doc_id: 109
Chinese G.D.P. for First Quarter Shows Signs of Slowdown
HONG KONG &mdash; The Chinese economic recovery lost some of its momentum during the first quarter of this year, official data released on Monday showed, surprising analysts who had expected growth to accelerate on the back of ample credit, strong infrastructure spending and firm exports. The economy expanded by just 7.7 percent during the first
doc_id: 110
News From the Advertising Industry
Accounts &para;TiVo, Alviso, Calif., named Olson, Minneapolis, as agency of record for advertising, the Web, consumer public relations and engagement in social media. Although spending was not disclosed, TiVo spent more than $40 million last year on marketing. The advertising, digital and social parts of the assignment had been handled internally
doc_id: 111
Q. and A. With Stuart Elliott
Stuart Elliott, the advertising columnist, answers questions from readers each week. Questions can be sent to stuarte@nytimes.com . Q. As long as we&rsquo;re talking about pronunciation in commercials, as you were in the Q. and A. last week, let me mention something that annoys me: those voice-over artists who pronounce the word
doc_id: 112
WEBDENDA; Accounts and People of Note in the Advertising Industry
Orian Almog and Joanne Yun joined Media6Degrees, New York, in new posts. Ms. Almog becomes an account executive; she had been a director at Cognitive Match, New York. Ms. Yun becomes director for sales strategy and operations; she had held various posts at the New York office of Google. Banner Corporation, London, a technology marketing specialty
doc_id: 113
ADVERTISING; Nike, Once Cutting Edge, Seeks to Regain Its Brand Aura
Lost in the middle of a debate last month over a Nike ad that congratulated Tiger Woods for regaining his ranking as the world&rsquo;s No. 1 golfer was that people were talking about a Nike ad. The ad, which quoted a phrase Mr. Woods often uses in declaring, &ldquo;Winning takes care of everything,&rdquo; was castigated by critics for appearing
doc_id: 114
THE MEDIA EQUATION; More Cracks In TV?s Business Model
For the longest time in the media business, the concept of the bundle has been foundational. Ads go with editorial content in print, commercials go with programming on television and the channels you desire are paired with ones you did not in your cable package. People were free to shop for what they wanted, as long as they were willing to buy a
doc_id: 115
CAMPAIGN SPOTLIGHT; In These Ads, ?Someday? Is More Than a Wish
A campaign for an organization that fights leukemia and lymphoma is taking a bold, assertive tack in a bid to stand out from fund-raising efforts for other causes. The campaign, now under way, carries the theme &ldquo;Someday is today,&rdquo; declaring that progress is already being made in the fight against cancer. That line of thought is carried
doc_id: 116
NPR Series on Race Aims to Build a Wider Audience
NPR&rsquo;s race, ethnicity and culture reporting initiative will make its broadcast debut this week with a four-part series called &ldquo;Changing Races&rdquo; for the morning and evening news programs. The digital part of the initiative, a blog called Code Switch , started a week ago. NPR &mdash; using a two-year, $1.5 million grant from the
doc_id: 117
Guidelines for Animal Safety on Film Sets Questioned
LOS ANGELES &mdash; On a film set, even the bugs bite by the book. And the book is voluminous, 131 pages of guidelines imposed by the American Humane Association on film and television productions, all seeking those coveted words of approval: &ldquo;No animal was harmed.&rdquo; Still, animals sometimes are harmed, and when they are, the public
doc_id: 118
Jeff Zucker at CNN Hires Michael Bass, a Deputy From His NBC Past
Jeff Zucker , who left Katie Couric&rsquo;s syndicated talk show, &ldquo;Katie,&rdquo; at the end of last year to take over CNN Worldwide, is bringing in one of the show&rsquo;s top producers to join him. Michael Bass, a longtime deputy of Mr. Zucker&rsquo;s dating from their days at &ldquo;Today&rdquo; on NBC , left &ldquo;Katie&rdquo; last Friday
doc_id: 119
AMC Shifts ?Hell on Wheels? to Saturdays, With High Hopes
For almost a decade, Saturday night has been television&rsquo;s version of Boot Hill &mdash; where series go to die. Starting this summer, AMC, the channel behind some of television&rsquo;s most talked-about dramas, like &ldquo;Mad Men,&rdquo; &ldquo;Breaking Bad&rdquo; and &ldquo;The Walking Dead,&rdquo; plans to march head on into the programming
doc_id: 120
ECONOMIC MEMO; In Divided Market, the Bigger the Companies, the Better They Fare
It&rsquo;s tough to make sense of the economy these days. The latest jobs numbers show hiring is down . Taxes are up, austerity reigns in Washington and consumers are skittish. Yet the stock market is defying gravity, marching ever higher in spite of it all. Behind this seeming riddle lies a confluence of economic forces that is likely to continue
doc_id: 121
Dan Gilbert?s Quest to Remake Downtown Detroit
THE best way to experience all that is strange and a little otherworldly about downtown Detroit is to walk the streets around 5 p.m. on a weekday. At that hour, you&rsquo;ll notice not just the peculiarity of what is around you &mdash; notably, the gorgeous, Art Deco skyscrapers alongside empty, decrepit buildings &mdash; but also what is missing.
doc_id: 122
PROTOTYPE; Watsi, a Crowdfunding Site, Offers Help With Medical Care
TWO years ago, Chase Adam, a Peace Corps volunteer in Costa Rica, was riding a bus through a town called Watsi, when a woman got on board asking for money. Her son, she said, needed medical attention and she couldn&rsquo;t pay for it. As the woman walked through the bus, she showed people a copy of her son&rsquo;s medical record. Mr. Adam, who is
doc_id: 123
ECONOMIC VIEW; Why Home Prices Change (or Don?t)
WHAT prices will today&rsquo;s home buyers get if they sell a decade from now? Most people live in their home for many years. They don&rsquo;t need to view it as an investment at all, but if they do, they surely need a long forecasting horizon. The problem is that modern economics has a poor understanding of past movements in home prices. And that
doc_id: 124
CORNER OFFICE; Guidewire?s Chief, on Embracing Adversity
This interview with Marcus Ryu , the C.E.O. of Guidewire Software, a maker of software for the insurance industry, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant. Q. Tell me about the culture you&rsquo;re trying to foster. A. A little background about our origins as a company will help. Guidewire was founded in 2001, right after the tech crash and
doc_id: 125
For Penney, a Tough Lesson in Shopper Psychology
WHEN the board of J. C. Penney ousted its chief executive, Ron Johnson &mdash; news that broke last Monday &mdash; you might say it was, in some small way, because he didn&rsquo;t understand Tracie Fobes. Ms. Fobes, who lives in Raymore, Mo., plans meals around discounts offered at the grocery store and always checks coupon apps on her cellphone
doc_id: 126
FAIR GAME; Dear S.E.C. Chief: Clock Is Ticking on Mortgage Cases
AFTER receiving unanimous support from the United States Senate, Mary Jo White was confirmed last week as the new head of the Securities and Exchange Commission . At her swearing-in, she praised S.E.C. officials for &ldquo;vigorously enforcing the securities laws.&rdquo; Doubts remain, however, about how potent the S.E.C.&rsquo;s enforcement has
doc_id: 127
A Push Against Tax Havens Gains Support in Europe
DUBLIN &mdash; Europe&rsquo;s efforts to crack down on tax havens gained momentum on Saturday as finance ministers from nine countries agreed to share more bank information. Ministers from Belgium, the Netherlands and Romania joined their French counterpart in a push for more automatic exchanges of bank records that already had the backing of
doc_id: 128
Judge Denies $20 Million Severance Deal for American Airlines Chief
A judge has rejected a proposed severance package of nearly $20 million for Thomas W. Horton, the chairman and chief executive of the AMR Corporation , the parent company of American Airlines , saying that the payout was not allowed under federal bankruptcy law. Judge Sean H. Lane of United States Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan issued his decision
doc_id: 129
COMMON SENSE; Sham Shareholder Democracy
Two weeks ago, I argued that it was hard to imagine a more compelling case for ousting directors than the one posed by Hewlett-Packard. It turns out there are many stronger cases &mdash; 41. That&rsquo;s the number of publicly traded companies where directors actually lost their elections last year, meaning that more than 50 percent of the
doc_id: 130
F.D.A. Issues Warning on DMAA, a Workout Booster
Certain workout-booster and fat-burning products, sold in recent years by retailers like GNC and Vitamin Shoppe, are illegal and may present serious health hazards to consumers, federal health regulators have determined. With names like Jack3d and OxyElite Pro, the popular products contain a stimulant known as dimethylamylamine, or DMAA for short.
doc_id: 131
Chevron Pollution Case in Ecuador Takes Unexpected Turn
HOUSTON &mdash; An environmental case that has pitted Chevron against Ecuadorean Amazon villagers for two decades has taken another bizarre twist, with an American consulting firm now recanting research favorable to the villagers&rsquo; claims of pollution in remote tracts of jungle. The consulting firm, Stratus Consulting of Boulder, Colo.,
doc_id: 132
OFF THE CHARTS; Survey Shows Americans Are Losing Jobs at Lower Rates
AMERICAN workers are being fired or laid off less often than at any time in the last decade, the government reported this week. But companies are also less willing to hire than they used to be. The Labor Department&rsquo;s Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for February showed that during that month the total number of people who were either
doc_id: 133
J.C. Penney Wins Ruling in Dispute With Macy?s
With Ron Johnson out, Martha Stewart is in at J. C. Penney , at least for the moment. In a contract dispute brought by Macy&rsquo;s against Penney&rsquo;s and Ms. Stewart&rsquo;s company, a judge ruled on Friday that Penney&rsquo;s could temporarily sell housewares designed by the home diva and avoid a potential loss estimated at $100 million. In
doc_id: 134
Bailout Terms Are Eased for Ireland and Portugal
DUBLIN &mdash; Euro zone finance ministers agreed on Friday to give Ireland and Portugal more time to repay their bailout loans after the chaotic rescue of Cyprus rekindled animosity toward the authorities overseeing the single currency area. Ministers also made some progress on a bundle of initiatives to create a so-called banking union intended
doc_id: 135
Woodside Petroleum Cancels Onshore L.N.G. Project in Australia
PERTH, Australia &mdash; Australia&rsquo;s Woodside Petroleum has shelved plans for a $45 billion liquefied natural gas project in Western Australia, saying it would instead consider a floating L.N.G. plant after deciding the onshore development did not make economic sense. Global energy companies have invested $140 billion in six L.N.G. plants in
doc_id: 136
Ch?teau Latour Breaks With a Bordeaux Tradition
PAUILLAC, France &mdash; As they have every April for decades, wine merchants from around the world donned their tweed jackets, tucked in their pocket squares and descended on Bordeaux this week to assess the latest vintage. In visits to revered chateaus in localities like Pomerol, Margaux and Saint-Est&egrave;phe, they swirled, sniffed, spat and
doc_id: 137
Beer Venture Fails in North Korea, Despite Eager Market
TUMEN, CHINA &mdash; Setting up a brewery in North Korea seemed like a good idea to Harry Kim and his Chinese friends two years ago. Everyone likes beer, even in one of the world&rsquo;s most closed and least understood countries, they believed. Mr. Kim and his partners managed to start production after workers strapped brewing equipment to a truck
doc_id: 138
BlackBerry Disputes Report on Z10 Phone
OTTAWA &mdash; BlackBerry contends that a securities analyst&rsquo;s report about its latest phone is not only wrong, it&rsquo;s so wrong that it should be investigated by securities regulators. The report, issued on Thursday by Detwiler Fenton &amp; Company in Boston, said that BlackBerry&rsquo;s new Z10 phone is being returned by shoppers at an
doc_id: 139
U.S. Puts Japan in Talks for Pacific Trade Deal
Japan and the United States agreed on Friday on a deal that paves the way for Tokyo to join talks on an Asia-Pacific free trade agreement, increasing the economic weight of the proposed pact and bringing a loud protest from American automakers. The deal brings Japan closer to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which the United States, Canada, Mexico,
doc_id: 140
Austria Defends Banking Secrecy Rules
DUBLIN &mdash; Austria will not yield to pressure to follow Luxembourg in dropping its banking secrecy rules, Finance Minister Maria Fekter said Friday, as she sought to portray Britain as one of the European Union &rsquo;s biggest tax havens. &ldquo;Great Britain has many money-laundering centers and tax havens in its immediate legal remit,&rdquo;
doc_id: 141
Mystery Surrounds Withdrawal of ?Django Unchained? in China
HONG KONG &mdash; The American film &ldquo;Django Unchained&rdquo; was abruptly pulled from theaters in China on Thursday, its opening day, a surprising move that underscored the fragility of Hollywood&rsquo;s evolving relationship with the Chinese movie industry. No official reason was given for the decision to suspend &ldquo;Django
doc_id: 142
Clues Emerge About Twitter?s Music Feature
Twitter is an online service where millions of people go to chat. Now the company behind it is hoping that it will also be where they go to find new music. Twitter is introducing a music feature that is expected to use the listening habits of users&rsquo; friends and contacts to recommend music for them to listen to, giving its more than 200
doc_id: 143
Gloom in Commodities Markets Ends a Rally
A four-day rally in the stock market came to an end on Friday as signs of a slowing economy rattled commodity markets, weighing down energy and mining companies. The price of crude oil dropped 2 percent, to $91 a barrel, as weak United States economic reports followed forecasts for diminished demand for oil. Gold plunged $64, to $1,501 an ounce,
doc_id: 144
March Retail Sales Fell as Consumers Cut Back
Sales at United States retailers fell in March, suggesting that higher taxes and weak hiring made some consumers more cautious about spending. Retail sales declined a seasonally adjusted 0.4 percent last month, compared with February, the Commerce Department said on Friday. That followed a 1 percent gain in February and a 0.1 percent decline in
doc_id: 145
HIGH & LOW FINANCE; A Plot Twist at Herbalife Draws in the Auditors
Herbalife , which describes itself as a global nutrition company, and which critics deride as a purveyor of overpriced products that is really a pyramid scheme preying on na&iuml;ve people with dreams of easy wealth, has already provided one of the best stock market dramas in years. Now, through no fault of its own, it could become a catalyst for
doc_id: 146
Market Climbs Higher as Jobless Claims Slip
The stock market rose for a fourth straight day on Thursday, sending the Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard &amp; Poor&rsquo;s 500-stock index to new milestones as positive data on the labor market and an encouraging retail outlook eased recent concerns about economic growth. Despite the S.&amp; P. 500&rsquo;s gain of 11.7 percent this
doc_id: 147
CORNER OFFICE; A Start-Up Spirit, Without the 18-Hour Days
This interview with Sabrina Parsons , chief executive of Palo Alto Software , was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant . Q. You started working in Silicon Valley early on in your career. Tell me about that experience. A. The first real start-up I was involved in was Epinions.com in 1999. I was employee No. 1 and my husband was employee No. 2. Q.
doc_id: 148
March Retail Sales Rise Only Slightly
As cold weather lingered across most of the country, Americans shopped modestly in March. Retailers reported that a benchmark sales figure rose slightly during the month, as shoppers held back on spending because of cold weather across the nation, particularly in the Midwest and East Coast, and continued fears about the economy. Retail analysts and
doc_id: 149
Cyprus Bailout to Cost More Than Predicted, Creditors Say
ATHENS &mdash; After a chaotic month in which Cyprus was pushed to the brink of default and a possible exit from the euro zone, Cypriots knew things would get bad. But not this bad. According to a bleak assessment released Thursday by its European partners, Cyprus will fall into a downward spiral for at least the next two years, with the economy
doc_id: 150
Automakers Recall 3.3 Million Vehicles Over Air Bags
Honda, Toyota, Nissan and Mazda are recalling about 3.3 million vehicles worldwide because the passenger-side air bag could deploy with too much force, sending shards of metal into the passenger area, the automakers said Thursday. Worldwide, the recalls announced in Tokyo include about 1.7 million Toyotas, 1.1 million Hondas, 480,000 Nissans and
doc_id: 151
Japanese Automakers Recall 3.4 Million Vehicles Over Air Bags
Four Japanese automakers, including Toyota Motor and Honda Motor , are recalling a total of about 3.4 million vehicles worldwide because of defective air bags supplied by Takata Corp., the companies said Thursday. Takata has also supplied the faulty air bags to foreign carmakers, said Toyohiro Hishikawa, a spokesman for the Tokyo-listed components
doc_id: 152
U.S. Assails Pace of Global Trade Talks
GENEVA &mdash; The United States made a blistering attack on fellow World Trade Organization member states on Thursday for failing to do more to cut global barriers to trade, criticizing India in particular for trying to introduce a &ldquo;massive new loophole.&rdquo; &ldquo;The time has come to speak bluntly,&rdquo; U.S. ambassador Michael Punke
doc_id: 153
New Concerns From Germany Over European Banking Supervisor
DUBLIN &mdash; Germany has raised new concerns about a proposal to create a single banking supervisor for the European Union that could delay plans to help troubled lenders that finance ministers were to discuss here on Friday. Last December, after weeks of bitter wrangling, euro zone finance ministers agreed to put about 150 large banks under the
doc_id: 154
Japanese Automakers Recall 3.3 Million Vehicles
Honda , Toyota , Nissan and Mazda are recalling about 3.3 million vehicles worldwide because the passenger-side air bag could deploy with too much force, sending shards of metal into the passenger area, the automakers said Thursday. The recalls, announced in Tokyo, include about 1.7 million Toyotas, 1.1 million Hondas, 480,000 Nissans and 20,000
doc_id: 155
?Django Unchained? Is Pulled From China?s Theaters
HONG KONG &mdash; The American film &ldquo;Django Unchained&rdquo; was abruptly pulled from theaters in China on Thursday, its opening day, a surprising move that underscored the fragility of Hollywood&rsquo;s evolving relationship with the Chinese movie industry. No reason was given for the decision to suspend &ldquo;Django Unchained,&rdquo; which
doc_id: 156
B.J. Novak, Actor and Writer, Signs Two-Book Deal
The comedian, actor and writer B.J. Novak has sold two books to Knopf in a seven-figure deal. The first book, a work of fiction, is expected to be published in 2014, Nicholas Latimer, a spokesman for Knopf, said Thursday. Richard Abate, Mr. Novak&rsquo;s literary agent, said Mr. Novak, a writer for &ldquo;The Office&rdquo; and one of the
doc_id: 157
Twelve, Imprint of Grand Central, Names Publisher
Twelve, the boutique imprint of Grand Central Publishing known for releasing only one carefully selected book each month, has named its editor in chief, Deb Futter, as publisher. Ms. Futter will succeed Cary Goldstein, who is leaving to &ldquo;pursue other interests,&rdquo; according to a statement from the publisher. &ldquo;The Twelve list is a
doc_id: 158
Drop in Jobless Claims Counteracts March Data
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &mdash; The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, easing fears of a marked deterioration in the labor market after a surprise stumble in job growth in March. Initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropped 42,000 to a seasonally adjusted 346,000, the Labor
doc_id: 159
Russia Skips Hybrids in Push for Natural Gas Cars
MOSCOW &mdash; Igor A. Samarsky of the southern Russian city of Krasnodar gets fuel economy on his 1998 Lada sedan that would make a Prius owner green with environmental envy. For all of 120 rubles &mdash; about $3.80, or a little more than a gallon of regular unleaded fuel in the United States &mdash; he can drive 140 miles. The Toyota hybrid
doc_id: 160
STATE OF THE ART; Facebook&#x2019;s New Friend, A Phone To Relearn
Facebook , man. Unbelievable. Second-most-visited Web site in the world. Frequented monthly by one-sixth of the earth&#x2019;s population. Primary source of news for half of America&#x2019;s young people. &#xa; &#xa;So vast and powerful is Facebook that it didn&#x2019;t seem implausible when the rumors began: Facebook was about to introduce its own
doc_id: 161
White House Budget Curbs Some Deductions for the Wealthy
President Obama is no longer pressing to raise income tax rates on the rich. But that doesn&#x2019;t mean he thinks the wealthy are paying enough in taxes. &#xa; &#xa; Outlining his budget proposals to Congress on Wednesday, Mr. Obama pushed to raise more than $600 billion in new revenue, mainly by curbing deductions for the most affluent taxpayers
doc_id: 162
Indexes Gain Broadly, Led by Technology
The stock market surged on Wednesday, pushing the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index to a new nominal record high. The Dow Jones industrial average also set another record. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;The path of least resistance for the market remains higher, and despite some mixed economic data, investors are concluding that stocks remain a
doc_id: 163
In Accident, Fed Gives Early Data To Banks
The Federal Reserve alerted bank officials on Tuesday that policy makers were considering a shift on when to begin easing back on stimulus efforts, a day before the news was released publicly, but it insisted there was no evidence traders on Wall Street had benefited from what was called an error.&#xa; &#xa; Markets rallied after the release
doc_id: 164
Disney Studios Lays Off 150 Employees
LOS ANGELES &#x2013; Walt Disney Studios, which employs 7,000 people, on Wednesday laid off 150 workers, including a few relatively senior executives in movie publicity and the DVD department.&#xa; &#xa;The layoffs followed a yearlong review by the company. Disney said in a statement that the cuts ensured &#x201C;that the studios&#x2019;
doc_id: 165
Food Politics Creates Rift In Panel On Labeling
The politics of genetically modified food has created a rift in a policy-setting committee of the influential Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that demonstrates the difficulty in finding anyone &#x2014; anywhere &#x2014; who doesn&#x2019;t already have an opinion on the issue.&#xa; &#xa;A dietitian working on a panel charged with setting policy
doc_id: 166
Move to Block Horse Slaughter
The Obama administration has included a proposal in its 2014 budget that would effectively ban the slaughter of horses for human consumption.&#xa; &#xa;Technically, the proposal would prevent money from being spent on inspection of horse slaughtering facilities. Without inspections, facilities could not legally operate. The proposal was greeted
doc_id: 167
PC Sales Still in a Slump, Despite New Offerings
It should be one of the most exciting periods in years for people looking to buy new PCs, with a new version of Windows on sale and shelves full of slick touch-screen devices to run it. &#xa; &#xa;But not only have the new offerings failed to stop the downward slide in PC shipments that has been going on for the last year, they appear to have made
doc_id: 168
NBC Renews &#x2018;Last Call&#x2019; With Carson Daly
NBC announced on Wednesday that it had renewed its late-night show &#x201C;Last Call&#x201D; with Carson Daly as the host, confirming his spot in the network&#x2019;s prime-time lineup for a 13th year.&#xa; &#xa;The announcement came a day reports that the actor Alec Baldwin was in talks to take a late-night role on the network, possibly in the
doc_id: 169
CONVERSATIONS; Riding the Momentum Created by a Cheeky Video
In March 2012, a video promoting a razor-blade business called Dollar Shave Club took YouTube by storm. It featured the company&#x2019;s founder, Michael Dubin, who had spent the bulk of his career in digital media and marketing and had performed improvisational comedy as a hobby, walking briskly through a warehouse as he issued off-color
doc_id: 170
Genel Energy Strike in Kurdistan Has Potential
LONDON &#x2014; Genel Energy, the oil exploration company headed by Tony Hayward , the former chief executive of BP , announced Wednesday that it had made a significant oil find in Kurdistan.&#xa; &#xa;Genel said its first well at Chia Surkh was producing almost 12,000 barrels of oil and 15 million cubic feet, or 435,000 cubic meters, of natural
doc_id: 171
ConocoPhillips Suspends Its Arctic Drilling Plans
HOUSTON &#x2014; ConocoPhillips announced on Wednesday that it was suspending its plans to drill in Alaskan Arctic waters in 2014 because of uncertainties over federal regulatory and permitting standards.&#xa; &#xa;The decision had been expected after last month&#x2019;s announcement by the Interior Department that Shell Oil Company would have to
doc_id: 172
White House Budget Curbs Some Deductions for the Wealthy
President Obama is no longer pressing to raise income tax rates on the rich. But that doesn&#x2019;t mean he thinks the wealthy are paying enough in taxes.&#xa; &#xa; Outlining his budget proposals to Congress on Wednesday, Mr. Obama pushed to raise more than $600 billion in new revenue, mainly by curbing deductions for the most affluent taxpayers
doc_id: 173
ADVERTISING; Bieber Backs A Debit Card For Teenagers, From Parents
JUSTIN BIEBER earned $55 million in 2012, according to Forbes , but in new videos for the SpendSmart Payments Company, which offers a prepaid debit card for teenagers, the singer talks about his modest upbringing.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;You know when I was a kid, we didn&#x2019;t have a lot of money, so me and my family had to watch the money that we
doc_id: 174
Economies of France and Italy Are Risks to the Euro Zone, a Report Says
BRUSSELS &#x2014; The struggling economies of France and Italy are out of step with better-performing countries like Germany, raising the prospect of more trouble for the euro zone, the European Union&#x2019;s top economics official warned Wednesday. &#xa; &#xa;France and Italy are among the nations in the beleaguered bloc that need to accelerate
doc_id: 175
Tumblr to End Storyboard And Dismiss 3 Employees
Tumblr, the popular social blogging site, said Tuesday night that it would shut Storyboard , the multimedia news blog that it had created to report on its own community and that it had started only last May.&#xa; &#xa;The company did not give much explanation for why it decided to close the site suddenly and dismiss a skeletal staff of three. When
doc_id: 176
Fed Says Minutes Were Inadvertently Released
The Federal Reserve was forced to release the latest minutes of its monthly policy-making meeting five hours early Wednesday, after they were inadvertently distributed Tuesday to more than 100 Congressional staff members and trade organization officials.&#xa; &#xa; The minutes are closely watched by traders and investors for any clue about Fed
doc_id: 177
Britain Warns of Loss of Momentum on Naming Women to Boards
LONDON &#x2014; A high-level British minister warned businesses Wednesday that the government might have difficulty maintaining its opposition to quotas for women on company boards after a report showed that the steady advance in female representation at the highest levels of British corporate life might have ground to a halt in the last six
doc_id: 178
DealBook Online
DUAL ROLE Lloyd C. Blankfein, below, the chief executive and chairman of Goldman Sachs, is keeping both of those roles.&#xa; &#xa;Goldman reached a deal with the CtW Investment Group, an organization that advises union pension funds, to halt a vote on a proposal to split the roles of chairman and chief executive. The proposal, which was sent to
doc_id: 179
I.M.F. Director Urges Banks To Retain Loose Money Policy
Global growth is likely to remain tepid this year and central banks should keep their easy monetary policies in place, the head of the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Thanks to the actions of policy makers, the economic world no longer looks quite as dangerous as it did six months ago,&#x201D; Christine Lagarde ,
doc_id: 180
DEALBOOK; Tips Traded on a Golf Course Led to the Downfall of a Top KPMG Executive
10:01 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;Federal agents secretly photographed a former senior KPMG executive accepting a cash payment in exchange for secret information about the companies he audited, according to a person with direct knowledge of the case. The sting operation, executed by the F.B.I. a few weeks ago at a Starbucks in the San Fernando
doc_id: 181
A G.M. Visit to Germany&#xd; Affirms Support for Opel
R&#xDC;SSELSHEIM, GERMANY &#x2014; As they prepare to meet with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, top managers of General Motors sought to dispel any doubts about the company&#x2019;s commitment to its unprofitable Opel unit in Europe, reiterating plans to invest billions in new models and break even by the middle of the decade.&#xa;
doc_id: 182
DEALBOOK; Seeking Relief, Banks Shift Risk to Murkier Corners
Banks have been shedding risky assets to show regulators that they are not as vulnerable as they were during the financial crisis. In some cases, however, the assets don&#x2019;t actually move &#x2014; the bank just shifts the risk to another institution.&#xa; &#xa;This trading sleight of hand has been around Wall Street for a while. But as
doc_id: 183
Global Trade to Be Weaker Than Expected, W.T.O. Predicts
GENEVA &#x2013; Global trade will be weaker than expected this year as European economies struggle with their debt crisis, and will recover only slightly in 2014, the World Trade Organization said Wednesday.&#xa; &#xa;The global trade body forecast in its annual report that trade would grow 3.3 percent during 2013, significantly less than the 4.5
doc_id: 184
DEALBOOK; Seeking Relief, Banks Shift Risk to Murkier Corners
Banks have been shedding risky assets to show regulators that they are not as vulnerable as they were during the financial crisis. In some cases, however, the assets don&#x2019;t actually move &#x2014; the bank just shifts the risk to another institution.&#xa; &#xa;This trading sleight of hand has been around Wall Street for a while. But as
doc_id: 185
DEALBOOK; U.S. Efforts to Regulate Consultants Face Big Obstacles
Federal regulators are facing pressure from Capitol Hill to rein in a multibillion-dollar consulting industry after the companies stumbled during their recent review of mortgage foreclosure abuses. But the efforts could be stymied, given regulators&#x2019; close ties to consultants and limited legal authority to penalize them.&#xa; &#xa;The early
doc_id: 186
New Solar Process Gets More Out of Natural Gas
WASHINGTON &#x2014; The Energy Department is preparing to test a new way for solar power to make electricity: using the sun&#x2019;s heat to increase the energy content of natural gas . &#xa; &#xa;Researchers at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Richland, Wash., hope by this summer to carry out the test, which entails a process that
doc_id: 187
A Sure Bet Loses Its Luster
Below the streets of Lower Manhattan, in the vault of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the world&#x2019;s largest trove of gold &#x2014; half a million bars &#x2014; has lost about $75 billion of its value. In Fort Knox, Ky., at the United States Bullion Depository, the damage totals $50 billion. &#xa; &#xa;And in Pocatello, Idaho, the tiny
doc_id: 188
DEALBOOK; Under Scrutiny, Auditors Reconsider Procedures
Accounting firms are being forced to take a fresh look at their practices in the wake of an insider-trading scandal involving one of KPMG&#x2019;s top auditors, as new rules requiring more transparency by the firms are already being considered.&#xa; &#xa;The heightened scrutiny comes after news that a senior partner at KPMG revealed confidential
doc_id: 189
DEALBOOK; KPMG Cancels Audits Over Insider Trading Inquiry
8:28 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;For a company that promotes clean living, the nutritional supplement maker Herbalife has had a messy history. Its founder died in 2000, at age 44, from an accidental combination of alcohol and antidepressants. For years, the company was mired in lawsuits related to its use of the banned stimulant ephedrine. In
doc_id: 190
Chief&#x2019;s Silicon Valley Stardom Quickly Clashed at J.C. Penney
Maybe it was the ice sculptures. Or the order to stock slim, European-style men&#x2019;s suits. Or the swagger of a prot&#xE9;g&#xE9; of the mighty Steve Jobs.&#xa; &#xa;From the moment Ronald B. Johnson arrived at the Plano, Tex., headquarters of J. C. Penney , some there believed he would not last long. On Monday, the doubters were proved right.
doc_id: 191
DealBook Online
DON&#x2019;T CALL HIM &#x2018;SIR&#x2019; James Crosby, a former chief executive of HBOS, said on Tuesday that he would ask authorities to remove his knighthood in light of a damning report published last week that blamed him in part for the mortgage lender&#x2019;s 2008 collapse. Mr. Crosby, left, said he was &#x201C;deeply sorry for what happened
doc_id: 192
ECONOMIC SCENE; From Mexico, Some Lessons For Europe
I was in Mexico City in the summer of 1981, just out of high school, when Mexico&#x2019;s president, Jos&#xE9; L&#xF3;pez Portillo, announced he would defend the peso &#x201C;like a dog&#x201D; against speculative attacks.&#xa; &#xa;His approach to economics was unorthodox but creative. He tried to raise oil prices by sheer force of will &#x2014;
doc_id: 193
DEALBOOK; A Solution for Penney May Be to Sell Itself, or Some of Its Assets
Two years ago, William A. Ackman, a newly minted board member of J. C. Penney , quietly met with the man he hoped would lead the struggling retailer to a brighter future.&#xa; &#xa;Ron Johnson, then the much-lauded head of Apple&#x2019;s retail arm, hesitated at first. A turnaround plan would probably require taking the company private, he told Mr.
doc_id: 194
Inventories Fall as Sales Rise, A Hint That Goods Are Needed
WASHINGTON (AP) &#x2014; Wholesalers reduced their inventories in February by the most in 17 months. But their sales jumped, suggesting that businesses had underestimated consumer demand.&#xa; &#xa;The Commerce Department said Tuesday that inventories at the wholesale level declined 0.3 percent in February. That followed a 0.8 percent increase in
doc_id: 195
Transactions
Recent Sale&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;$6.4 MILLION 6 West 190th Street (at Jerome Avenue) Fordham Manor, Bronx An investment fund has bought this six-story 1924 walk-up with six stores and 57 apartments &#x2014; one studio, 44 one-bedrooms, seven two-bedrooms and five three-bedrooms. The 60,000-square-foot building sold for 7.5 times the rent roll. Buyer: 6 W
doc_id: 196
THE 30-MINUTE INTERVIEW; Jason Griffith
Mr. Griffith, 36, is a founder and a chief executive of SiteCompli , a real estate technology company that provides monitoring services to owners and managers of commercial and residential buildings, helping them comply with the myriad rules and regulations within various New York City agencies. &#xa; &#xa;Mr. Griffith started the company in 2009
doc_id: 197
Optimistic Investors Help Market Make Up Ground
The stock market advanced on Tuesday as earnings season got under way, with the Dow Jones industrial average closing at another nominal record high on a rally in cyclical shares.&#xa; &#xa;With the day&#x2019;s advance, the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index ended less than two points shy of its nominal record, recovering from steep
doc_id: 198
A FoxNews.com Reporter Is Facing Jail for Refusing To Identify Police Sources
In one of the first major cases of a reporter facing prison since Judith Miller refused to identify a confidential source, a Fox news reporter is being asked to turn over information from her reporting on the theater shooting in Aurora, Colo., last summer.&#xa; &#xa;Jana Winter, a 32-year-old investigative reporter with FoxNews.com , has said she
doc_id: 199
TV Circling The Wagons Over Aereo
When Chase Carey, Rupert Murdoch&#x2019;s top deputy at News Corporation, told broadcasters on Monday about his contingency plan to turn the Fox network into something available only on cable, he knew policy makers would be listening, too. But a few of them were busy that day, meeting with Chet Kanojia, the very man who had provoked Mr.
doc_id: 200
Lots of Federal Property to Sell, but It&#x2019;s Not That Easy
WASHINGTON &#x2014; As government agencies are forced to do more with less, the General Services Administration has stepped up its efforts to dispose of surplus government buildings across the country in new and more profitable ways, instead of simply auctioning them off. &#xa; &#xa;In an effort to streamline operations, the G.S.A., the federal
doc_id: 201
Slovenia Facing a Banking Crisis, Report Warns
LJUBLJANA, Slovenia &#x2014; Slovenia, trying to avoid becoming the euro zone&#x2019;s next bailout victim, may have &#x2018;&#x27;significantly&#x27;&#x2019; misread the cost of fixing its troubled banks, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;Following the messy rescue of Cyprus last month, Slovenia, a
doc_id: 202
At Last, Joining the Jet Age
TOKYO &#x2014; As a small boy, Teruaki Kawai watched wide-eyed as American DC-3s took off and landed at a small airport across an inlet from his home on the Hiroshima coast. &#xa; &#xa;Japan&#x2019;s golden era of aviation, which culminated with the feared and respected Mitsubishi Zero fighter planes, had ended a decade earlier along with World War
doc_id: 203
Images of Dead Pigs Cut China&#x2019;s Pork Appetite and Keep Consumer Prices Down
HONG KONG &#x2014; Consumer prices rose less than expected last month in China as the unappetizing and widely televised spectacle of thousands of dead pigs floating upstream from Shanghai helped push pork prices down sharply, the government reported on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;The National Bureau of Statistics announced that consumer prices were 2.1
doc_id: 204
Obama Nominates 3 to Serve on Labor Relations Board
President Obama announced three nominations to the National Labor Relations Board on Tuesday to complete a package of five nominees &#x2014; three Democrats and two Republicans &#x2014; that the administration hopes Senate Republicans will approve to end the board&#x2019;s unusual limbo.&#xa; &#xa;Mr. Obama&#x2019;s choices for the board have come
doc_id: 205
DEALBOOK; First Checks to Be Issued in Mortgage Settlement
The nation&#x2019;s top banking regulators have some good news for some troubled homeowners: the checks will be in the mail soon.&#xa; &#xa;Months after brokering a multibillion-dollar settlement with banks over mortgage foreclosure abuses, the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency are set to dole out roughly $1.2
doc_id: 206
World&#x2019;s Tech Companies Look to Brussels to Resolve Antitrust Complaints
BRUSSELS &#x2014; When the European competition commissioner needs to communicate with the chairman of Google , he doesn&#x2019;t have to send an emissary or even pick up the phone.&#xa; &#xa;Joaqu&#xED;n Almunia sometimes sends Eric E. Schmidt a text. Like his predecessors, Mr. Almunia has the power to block mergers or fine companies billions of
doc_id: 207
DEALBOOK; Ex-Regulators Find Home With a Powerful Firm
The consulting firm is filled with so many former bureaucrats and political insiders that it has become known as Wall Street&#x2019;s shadow regulator.&#xa; &#xa;Nearly two-thirds of its roughly 170 senior executives worked at agencies that oversee the financial industry. The founder, Eugene A. Ludwig , is a former comptroller of the currency and a
doc_id: 208
Lew&#x2019;s Visit Reveals Gap With Europe
PARIS &#x2014; The two-day effort by the United States Treasury secretary, Jacob J. Lew , to persuade Europe to consider shifting its focus from budget balance to growth highlighted a deep trans-Atlantic policy gulf that is likely to leave Europe as a drag on the global economy. &#xa; &#xa;Mr. Lew pointed to evidence that increased government
doc_id: 209
Bump in Ratings for Men&#x2019;s College Basketball Final
Once again, sports proved to be an attraction that defies the general erosion of networks&#x2019; ratings, as CBS&#x2019;s coverage of Monday&#x2019;s N.C.A.A. championship men&#x2019;s basketball game pulled in 23.4 million viewers, up 12 percent from the game a year ago.&#xa; &#xa;Even more impressive were the overall figures for the entire
doc_id: 210
Christie&#x27;s to Be First Foreign Independent Auction House in China
SHANGHAI &#x2014; Christie&#x2019;s auction house said Tuesday it had been granted a license and was set to become the first international auction house to operate independently in China , which has already overtaken the United States as the world&#x2019;s largest art and auction market.&#xa; &#xa;The move allows Christie&#x2019;s to sell directly
doc_id: 211
GSN Considers Adding Church-Based Dating Show
Spurred by the success of an original game show that rewards knowledge of the Bible rather than, say, how much grocery items cost at the supermarket checkout, the GSN cable channel is considering a dating show with a religious twist: congregations will seek suitable mates for single parishioners.&#xa; &#xa;At an &#x201C;upfront&#x201D; breakfast in
doc_id: 212
European Regulators Investigating MasterCard Fees
BRUSSELS &#x2014; European Union regulators said Tuesday they are investigating whether MasterCard &#x2019;s fees for non-European cardholders, along with business practices that lock merchants to its cards, violate the region&#x2019;s antitrust rules.&#xa; &#xa;The investigation by the European Commission came six years after the regulator banned
doc_id: 213
Emerging Asian Economies on Track for Solid Growth, Development Bank Says
HONG KONG &#x2014; The economies of developing Asia appear to have settled into a new growth path that will allow the region to expand by between 6 percent and 7 percent a year &#x2014; a pace that is significantly slower than that seen before the global financial crisis, yet represents a firm trajectory that could last over the next decade.&#xa;
doc_id: 214
New Jersey Condo Market Heats Up as Demand Surges
WEEHAWKEN, N.J. &#x2014; After years of stagnating sales, the New Jersey condominium market is finally warming up, with developers building again and potential owners buying from floor plans.&#xa; &#xa;A handful of developers have revived projects and are releasing a few units in prime locations to willing buyers. In Weehawken, buyers have signed
doc_id: 215
Europe&#x27;s Data on Wealth Needs a Grain of Salt
FRANKFURT &#x2014; The Italians are the most prudent people in Europe. Spaniards and Greeks are not as badly off as their homelands&#x2019; dismal economic statistics would suggest. And pity the Germans. They are poorer than the Cypriots they are helping to bail out.&#xa; &#xa;Taken at face value, those are some of the surprising findings of an
doc_id: 216
DEALBOOK; In the Markets, at Least, Fannie and Freddie Still Astound
The mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac continue to astound &#x2014; and not in a very encouraging way.&#xa; &#xa;The share price of each company has tripled in the last few months, pointing to the foolishness of Wall Street, this time with an assist from the federal government. When zombie stocks show signs of life, you know you are in
doc_id: 217
Dealbook Online
ADDED PRESSURE The American International Group already ruled out suing the federal government over its bailout during the financial crisis. Now it is asking a federal judge to stop its former chief executive from suing in its name.&#xa; &#xa;The insurer has formally demanded that its onetime leader, Maurice R. Greenberg, left, stop pursuing
doc_id: 218
Jay-Z&#x2019;s Entertainment Company Makes Music Deal With Universal
Days after it was revealed that Jay-Z&#x2019;s entertainment company, Roc Nation, is getting into the sports agency business , the company has announced a worldwide deal with the Universal Music Group for its record releases.&#xa; &#xa;The deal, described as a multiyear partnership, will bring Roc Nation&#x2019;s record label under
doc_id: 219
Peter Workman, Book Publisher With an Eye for Hits, Dies at 74
Peter Workman, the founder of Workman Publishing , whose knack for landing best-selling trade books like &#x201C;What to Expect When You&#x2019;re Expecting,&#x201D; and &#x201C;The Silver Palate Cookbook&#x201D; made his company one of the few remaining independent book publishers in the country, died on Sunday at his home in Manhattan. He was 74.
doc_id: 220
J.C. Penney Ousts Chief Of 17 Months
After a troublesome 17-month run, Ron Johnson is out as chief executive of J. C. Penney , and with that, the most closely watched revival effort in retail in recent memory is in danger of disintegrating.&#xa; &#xa;The company&#x2019;s board said on Monday that Mr. Johnson, who engineered Apple&#x2019;s retail strategy, is leaving Penney and that
doc_id: 221
KPMG Fires a Senior Partner In an Insider Trading Episode
KPMG said late Monday night it had fired a senior partner in its Los Angeles office after learning that he had provided inside information to an unnamed individual &#x201C;who then used that information in stock trades involving several West Coast companies.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;The audit firm, one of the Big Four, did not name the partner. It said
doc_id: 222
DEALBOOK; Exchanges Are Moving To Curb Private Trades
The chief executives of the three largest stock exchanges are joining forces for the first time to push regulators to rein in the increasing amount of trading that is moving off public exchanges and onto platforms like so-called dark pools.&#xa; &#xa;The leaders of the New York Stock Exchange , Nasdaq and BATS Global Markets, the third largest
doc_id: 223
FREQUENT FLIER; Security Delays Have You Upset? You Haven&#x2019;t Been to Kinshasa
AS head of Jhpiego, I&#x2019;m flying overseas almost all the time, mostly to meet with ministers of health or to meet the teams in the field who are working to train doctors and midwives. I figure I have about one weekend home a month. In 2012, I flew about 350,000 miles. I&#x2019;m really lucky I have an understanding husband. He greets me at the
doc_id: 224
In Europe, New Protest Over Google
BRUSSELS &#x2014; European antitrust regulators have received a formal complaint about Google &#x2019;s Android operating system for mobile devices, even as they move to the final stages of their inquiry into the company&#x2019;s search practices. &#xa; &#xa;The complaint was filed by Fairsearch Europe, a group of Google&#x2019;s competitors,
doc_id: 225
2 Networks Hint at Leaving the Airwaves
Executives in charge of Fox and Univision raised the prospect Monday of one day moving their programming off the broadcast airwaves and exclusively onto cable in a stepped-up response to Aereo, a streaming TV service.&#xa; &#xa;While viewed largely as saber-rattling, the idea that the networks could be converted into cable channels gained attention
doc_id: 226
ADVERTISING; A Campaign Fights The Cigarette Butt, A Ubiquitous Pollutant
LIKE that of the American Lung Association , much of the work of Legacy , a 14-year-old antismoking organization, is aimed at exposing the health risks of cigarettes. Legacy&#x2019;s Truth campaign, for example, tries to dissuade youths from picking up the habit, while its Ex program helps adults quit.&#xa; &#xa;Now Legacy is introducing a public
doc_id: 227
Hello, Cambodia
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia &#x2014; Tiffany &#x26; Company is quietly building a diamond-polishing factory in Cambodia, a country popularly associated more with killing fields and land mines than baubles.&#xa; &#xa;Some of Japan&#x2019;s biggest manufacturers are also rushing to set up operations in Phnom Penh to make wiring harnesses for cars and touch
doc_id: 228
Shares Rise Despite Modest Expectations for Quarterly Earnings Growth
The stock market rose on Monday as investors looked toward an earnings season expected to show modest growth despite concerns about the health of the economy.&#xa; &#xa;The major market indexes fluctuated between positive and negative territory for much of the day before climbing in the final hour of trading, ending near session highs. Volume was
doc_id: 229
INSIDE ASIA; Money-Laundering Law in Hong Kong Doesn&#x27;t Catch the Chiefs
HONG KONG &#x2014; Luo Juncheng, a delivery worker and school dropout from Guangdong Province in China, was 19 when he opened an account at the Bank of China subsidiary Chiyu Bank in Hong Kong in mid-2009.&#xa; &#xa;Over the next eight months, he moved more than 13 billion Hong Kong dollars, or $1.7 billion, through the account, making nearly 5,000
doc_id: 230
Macy&#x2019;s-Penney Dispute Is Back in Court
After a fruitless monthlong break for court-ordered mediation, Macy&#x2019;s, J.C. Penney and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia returned to court in New York on Monday in a dispute over Penney&#x2019;s move to sell Martha Stewart-designed housewares.&#xa; &#xa;Macy&#x2019;s, which has sold Martha Stewart products since 2007, has a contract with her
doc_id: 231
Greek Banks Suspend Merger Talks
ATHENS &#x2014; Shares in National Bank of Greece and Eurobank plummeted 30 percent Monday after the two banks suspended merger talks because they were unable to raise the required capital.&#xa; &#xa;The move followed reports that the international lenders overseeing a bailout of Greece had feared the creation of a megabank that would be too big to
doc_id: 232
Alcoa Reports Profit Up 58%, Exceeding Analysts&#x2019; Forecast
Alcoa kicked off the earnings season on Monday by reporting a larger first-quarter profit than analysts had expected, helped by strong demand for aluminum used to make airplanes and automobiles.&#xa; &#xa;The company still predicts that demand for aluminum will grow 7 percent in 2013, with gains cutting across many industries. Alcoa is the first
doc_id: 233
The Noisy Clatter of Traveling
Noise, to a business traveler, can be something as simple as a conversation on a train or a plane or as unrelenting as the sound of a jet engine on a seven-hour flight.&#xa; &#xa;Among the biggest culprits are the cellphone talkers, the deal makers traveling from New York to Washington in a regular car on the Acela train and the travelers standing
doc_id: 234
Teacher Knows If You&#x2019;ve Done The E-Reading
SAN ANTONIO &#x2014; Several Texas A&#x26;M professors know something that generations of teachers could only hope to guess: whether students are reading their textbooks. &#xa; &#xa;They know when students are skipping pages, failing to highlight significant passages, not bothering to take notes &#x2014; or simply not opening the book at all.
doc_id: 235
ON THE ROAD; Airlines Weigh The Pounds
Probably because I&#x2019;ve been at this for 14 years, people assume I have ready answers for many often-asked air travel questions, starting with, &#x201C;How can I always find the lowest fare?&#x201D; To this I reply reluctantly, &#x201C;I have absolutely no idea.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;But wait, let me revise that slightly, thanks to a handy new
doc_id: 236
Banks Healthy, Bernanke Says
WASHINGTON (AP) &#x2014; The Federal Reserve &#x2019;s chairman, Ben S. Bernanke , said Monday night that the central bank&#x2019;s annual stress tests of major American banks were better able to detect risks in the financial system. He said the tests showed that the banking industry had grown much healthier since the financial crisis.&#xa;
doc_id: 237
Portugal Warns Citizens Of More Economic Pain
MADRID &#x2014; Portugal was once seen as a role model in the euro debt crisis as its conservative government stuck to the stringent terms of a 78 billion euro bailout negotiated with international creditors two years ago. But it has now earned a very different distinction as the test case of the limits of the austerity plans that have been
doc_id: 238
DEALBOOK; Battle Heats Up Over Fate of Troubled Energy Buyout
The biggest private equity buyout ever &#x2014; the $45 billion deal for the Texas energy giant TXU in 2007 &#x2014; has been steadily sliding toward becoming one of the biggest busts.&#xa; &#xa;Yet even as bankruptcy is acknowledged as a possibility, the company&#x2019;s private equity owners are trying to make sure they don&#x2019;t walk away
doc_id: 239
DEALBOOK; Senate Gives White Its Unanimous Consent for S.E.C.
The Senate on Monday confirmed Mary Jo White as head of the Securities and Exchange Commission , dismissing concerns about her close ties to the Wall Street banks she will now oversee.&#xa; &#xa;Ms. White, a former federal prosecutor who spent the last decade defending JPMorgan Chase and other big banks, secured Senate approval by unanimous
doc_id: 240
Japan&#x2019;s Moves to Weaken the Yen Have a Global Effect
The Bank of Japan &#x2019;s new antideflation policy made waves throughout the global financial system on Monday, driving down the yen and lifting share prices in Tokyo, but economists said the effect had yet to be fully felt overseas.&#xa; &#xa;The most visible sign of the move by the bank, which is the country&#x2019;s central bank, was the sharp
doc_id: 241
In Effort to &#x2018;Rebalance,&#x2019; Europe Appears Committed to Austerity Plan
BRUSSELS &#x2014; Jacob J. Lew , the United States Treasury secretary, urged European officials to adopt more growth-friendly policies on Monday. But there was little indication that the recession-plagued European Union was moving away from the austerity path it has pursued to deal with the debts and imbalances that emerged in the financial crisis
doc_id: 242
Popular Demand
Several late-night TV hosts have recently been in the news, including Conan O&#x2019;Brien, who signed a contract extension with TBS through November 2015, and Jimmy Fallon, whose succession of Jay Leno on &#x201C;The Tonight Show&#x201D; was announced last week.&#xa; &#xa;The share of visits to a talk show&#x2019;s site is affected by its
doc_id: 243
LOOKING AHEAD; Economic Reports for the Week Ahead
ECONOMIC REPORTS Data to be released include wholesale trade for February (Tuesday); weekly jobless claims and import prices for March (Thursday); and retail sales for March, the Producer Price Index for March, the Thomson Reuters/University of Michigan consumer sentiment index for April and business inventories for February (Friday).&#xa;
doc_id: 244
Chief Tries to Infuse Yahoo With a Start-Up&#x2019;s Spirit
Since taking the reins at Yahoo , Marissa Mayer has been trying to convince customers and employees that there is still life in a company that Silicon Valley long ago left for dead. &#xa; &#xa;Yahoo, an Internet pioneer, missed the boat on social networks and mobile devices as the new gateways for information and, in recent years, had been losing
doc_id: 245
POLITICAL ECONOMY; Quitting the Euro Wouldn&#x27;t Be a Good Choice for Cyprus
Cyprus is no longer center stage. Nicosia has agreed to a &#x20AC;10 billion bailout deal with its euro zone partners and the International Monetary Fund. A visible bank run has been averted by stringent capital controls. International markets, which suffered only a mild bout of jitters, have calmed down.&#xa; &#xa;But it would be foolish to forget
doc_id: 246
Sponsoring Articles, Not Just Ads
Articles in a series on Mashable.com called &#x201C;What&#x2019;s Inside&#x201D; looked for all the world like the hundreds of other articles on the digital media site. But journalistically, they were something very different. &#xa; &#xa;The articles, about technology topics in a wide variety of products, including modems and the Hubble Space
doc_id: 247
THE MEDIA EQUATION; Roger Ebert As a Builder Of an Empire
At journalism conferences and online, media strivers talk over and over about becoming their own brand, hoping that some magical combination of tweets, video spots, appearances and, yes, even actual written articles, will help their name come to mean something. &#xa; &#xa;As if that were a new thing. Since Roger Ebert&#x2019;s death on Thursday ,
doc_id: 248
Eye on Ratings, ABC Peers Into the Disney Toy Chest
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; For 17 years, ever since the Walt Disney Company swallowed its corporate parent, ABC has been a type of distant planet in the Disney universe. With nothing overtly Disney-ish about ABC, it has largely operated outside the company&#x2019;s synergistic approach to show business &#x2014; theme parks fueling movies fueling
doc_id: 249
GLOBAL MANAGER; Starting Up, but There for the Long Haul
Ron Zeghibe is co-founder and chairman of Hailo, a taxi booking phone application.&#xa; &#xa;Q. Before helping to set up Hailo in 2011, you used to fix existing companies. What is the difference between running a start-up and a company that has been in business for some time? A. Hailo is my first start-up, and the combination of factors you need to
doc_id: 250
BITS; Samsung Plans Ministores
Samsung Electronics is giving Apple some of its own medicine. The company will set up mini-stores this summer inside Best Buys across the United States. &#xa; &#xa;Samsung on Thursday said it would open 1,400 of the stores by the end of June. Called a Samsung Experience Shop, each store will be an entire section at Best Buy devoted to showcasing
doc_id: 251
BITS; The Logic (or Lack of It) In Appraising Start-Ups
I have a vision of how suitors decide how much to offer for a start-up they want to buy. Several executives go into a conference room. Each scribbles a number on a piece of paper and places it in a hat. Then the chief executive pulls out a number, and there it is.&#xa; &#xa;It might sound like a stretch, but given the seemingly random and sometimes
doc_id: 252
News From the Advertising Industry
Accounts&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;&#xB6;United States Postal Service named McCann Erickson Worldwide, New York, part of the McCann Worldgroup division of the Interpublic Group of Companies, as agency of record, working with a sibling, the MRM Worldwide unit of the McCann Worldgroup. Spending was estimated at $95 million. The account had been handled by
doc_id: 253
Heiress Who Gave Elite Clothes Tropical Splash
Lilly Pulitzer, the Palm Beach princess of prints who created an enduring fashion uniform for wealthy socialites and jet setters almost by accident, died on Sunday at her home in Florida. She was 81.&#xa; &#xa;Her death was confirmed by the Lilly Pulitzer company, which provided no further details. As the story goes, in its most romanticized
doc_id: 254
BITS; Mining the Value Of Mobile Ads
The march of mobile is following the usual evolutionary path in media &#x2014; first come the eyeballs and later comes the money. People spend an estimated 10 percent of their media attention staring at their smartphones and tablets, but mobile advertising accounts for a small fraction of 1 percent of total advertising spending.&#xa; &#xa;Yet from
doc_id: 255
New Trouble For Euro In Portugal
Just weeks after European leaders tamped down a banking crisis in Cyprus, troubles in the euro zone have again reared their head, this time in Portugal.&#xa; &#xa;In an address to his beleaguered nation on Sunday, Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho warned that his government would be forced to cut spending more and that lives &#x201C;will become
doc_id: 256
Lew to Press For Growth In Europe
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Jacob J. Lew began his first trip to Europe as Treasury secretary on Sunday, a four-city tour in which he is expected to try to persuade finance ministers to pursue a little more growth and a little less austerity to improve the economic fortunes of the Continent and the world.&#xa; &#xa;Growth is again at the top of the Obama
doc_id: 257
MEDIA DECODER; Contest Seeks to Honor Anti-Advertising Ads
&#x201C;Shoot the first anti-advertising ad&#x201D; is the pitch for a contest sponsored by Adblock Plus, the popular software that whites out Web site advertisements. The winning 30- to 90-second video submission, Adblock Plus says, will receive a prize of class time or video equipment worth $5,000 from a film institute in the Philippines.&#xa;
doc_id: 258
Seeking to Outdo Google&#xd; In Searching for Events
Staying around town over the weekend and your dinner plans have fallen through? Turning to the printed page might not turn up many attractive alternatives, unless you live in a big city like New York, London or Paris and have access to magazines like Time Out or Pariscope. A Google search could present the opposite problem: too many events in too
doc_id: 259
ADVERTISING; A Cosmetics Freebie With a Cause
FOR decades, cosmetic companies have embraced gift-with-purchase promotions, where consumers who spend a given amount are rewarded with a free assortment of travel-size products and a cosmetic bag or tote bag. So popular are gift-with-purchase enticements that some consumers are loath to buy cosmetics without the freebies, and Web sites like GWP
doc_id: 260
LINK BY LINK; Bubble or No, This Virtual Currency Is a Lot of Coin in Any Realm
WHEN he was a Yale Law School student, Reuben Grinberg wrote one of the first academic papers about Bitcoin, a novel virtual currency that uses sophisticated cryptography to validate and secure transactions that exist only online. &#xa; &#xa;When Mr. Grinberg, now a lawyer in the financial institutions group of the Manhattan law firm Davis Polk
doc_id: 261
Treasury Auctions Set for This Week
The Treasury&#x2019;s schedule of financing this week includes Monday&#x2019;s regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.07 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.10
doc_id: 262
BITS; New Efforts To Recruit Women In Silicon Valley
Silicon Valley is not exactly known for its diversity. So when Andreessen Horowitz, the venture capital firm, wanted to make sure its job postings were reaching the most diverse audience possible, its partners did what most people in Silicon Valley do when they spot a problem. They turned to software. &#xa; &#xa;They used programs that analyze the
doc_id: 263
LETTERS; Household Debt, vs. the Government&#x2019;s
Household Debt, vs . the Government&#x2019;s&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;To the Editor: Re &#x201C;A Sustainable Budget Should Survive Any Storm&#x201D; (Economic View, March 31), in which N. Gregory Mankiw said that the federal budget should be built to withstand catastrophic events: The column made a point that is too rarely mentioned in Republican circles:
doc_id: 264
FAIR GAME; As Shareholders Say &#x2018;Enough Already,&#x2019;&#xd; Some Boards Are Starting to Listen
RAISES may be hard-won for most American workers these days, but for those fortunate few in the executive suite, the pay increases just keep on coming. Last year, the median chief executive at a United States company with more than $5 billion in revenue received about $14 million, 2.8 percent more than in 2011, according to an annual pay analysis
doc_id: 265
FUNDAMENTALLY; Europe&#x2019;s Markets, No Longer in Lock Step
ALTHOUGH the overall European economy is stuck in neutral at best, the region&#x2019;s stock market may have turned a corner in the first quarter.&#xa; &#xa;Money managers point to signs like these: Investors barely flinched during the banking crisis last month in Cyprus, an indication that the Continent may be moving past its manic phase. The
doc_id: 266
Money Funds, Waiting For the Fog to Lift
THIS is the kind of market that makes cautious investors long for the comfort of cash. &#xa; &#xa;Stocks? They seem a little frothy. Bonds? Ugh &#x2014; low rates, inflation worries. Real estate? Still a hard sell. For decades, investors have waited out financial fogs like these in the haven of money market mutual funds . Unfortunately, the outlook
doc_id: 267
In Exchange-Traded Funds, a Variable Worth Watching
EXCHANGE-TRADED funds that track indexes may sound like straightforward investments. Because they tend to have low fees and can be used to build diversified portfolios, as well as for esoteric strategies, E.T.F.&#x2019;s are wildly popular among individual and institutional investors alike. But even when E.T.F.&#x2019;s appear simple, there may be
doc_id: 268
Thinking Small, and Winning Big, at Three Funds
BACK in the 1970s, the British economist E. F. Schumacher declared that &#x201C;Small Is Beautiful,&#x201D; in a short book that was part environmental manifesto and part broadside against corporate bigness. &#xa; &#xa;The managers of three of the top-performing mutual funds of the first quarter might not agree with all of Schumacher&#x2019;s ideas
doc_id: 269
Lucrative Payday, Out of the Spotlight
OUR annual list of highly compensated executives includes some astonishing salaries. But they are not necessarily the richest compensation packages out there. &#xa; &#xa;We rely on filings required by the Securities and Exchange Commission for public companies. That means we are missing entire categories of businesses: privately held corporations,
doc_id: 270
OFF THE SHELF; Self-Improvement In a Bull Market
THE stock market is up, and your home &#x2014; if you own one &#x2014; is probably worth more than it was at the real estate market&#x2019;s nadir. So the odds are that you are feeling a bit better about your financial self these days. &#xa; &#xa;Not so fast, says John J. Vento, an accountant and financial planner . He contends that you may be
doc_id: 271
CAREER COUCH; Recruiting A Recruiter For Your Next Job
Q. &#xa;Some of your friends and colleagues have used a recruiter to find jobs, and you are thinking of doing the same. How do you find good recruiters in your industry? &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;A. The best way is through a referral from a friend or a colleague in your field of work. You can also search Google or LinkedIn for both recruitment firms and
doc_id: 272
A Low-Growth World Can Also Mean High Profits
ECONOMIC growth has been subdued for so long that conditions that used to seem like busts are starting to look like booms. &#xa; &#xa;The economy barely budged in the fourth quarter of 2012, expanding at an annual rate of 0.4 percent, and then only after the initial reading was revised upward. Unemployment was 7.6 percent in March , and home
doc_id: 273
FUNDAMENTALLY; Europe&#x2019;s Markets, No Longer in Lock Step
ALTHOUGH the overall European economy is stuck in neutral at best, the region&#x2019;s stock market may have turned a corner in the first quarter.&#xa; &#xa;Money managers point to signs like these: Investors barely flinched during the banking crisis last month in Cyprus, an indication that the Continent may be moving past its manic phase. The
doc_id: 274
BITS; No TV? No Subscription? No Problem
LAST Sunday afternoon, some friends and I were hanging out in a local bar, talking about what we&#x2019;d be doing that evening. It turned out that we all had the same plan: to watch the season premiere of &#x201C;Game of Thrones.&#x201D; But only one person in our group had a cable television subscription to HBO , where it is shown. The rest of us
doc_id: 275
ESSAY; The Kitchen-Table Sequester
KNOW who&#x2019;s really great? Our elected representatives in Washington, that&#x2019;s who. &#xa; &#xa;Like almost everyone else, I&#x2019;m thrilled by the way things are going in our nation&#x2019;s capital, and wish that I could fashion myself to more closely resemble those paragons of &#x2014; What? You don&#x2019;t agree? Let me check the
doc_id: 276
Online Betting Site Intrade Faces Liquidation
The online betting Web site Intrade, which gained widespread notice for serving as a predictions platform for elections and events not related to sports, is facing liquidation because of a $700,000 cash shortfall, a development that comes a month after it halted trading and froze its customer accounts.&#xa; &#xa;Intrade&#x2019;s director, Ronald
doc_id: 277
CORNER OFFICE: FRANCESCA ZAMBELLO; First, Make Sure Your Idea Works On a Small Stage
This interview with Francesca Zambello , general and artistic director of the Glimmerglass Festival and artistic director of the Washington National Opera , was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant. &#xa; &#xa;Q. &#xa;Do you remember the first time you were in a leadership role?&#xa; A. I started a theater company at Colgate because I
doc_id: 278
The Infinity Pool Of Executive Pay
RELAX. Sit back. And forget, for a moment, those pesky shareholders and bothersome boards, the regulations, the investigations and all the other headaches of being a chief executive today. &#xa; &#xa;Dodd-Frank rules? Securities and Exchange Commission lawyers? Leave them behind. And let yourself sink into the buttery leather seat of your corporate
doc_id: 279
THE BOSS; Big Thoughts, Early On
I WAS born in Hong Kong and immigrated to the United States with my family when I was 4. I spent most of my childhood in Chicago. My elementary school had no program in English as a second language, so I was placed in a class for students with speech impediments. It worked out well because we had to pronounce sounds over and over, and I&#x2019;m
doc_id: 280
Latecomers, Flocking to the Party
AFTER long spurning the bull market for fear of being burned again, investors have finally given in this year. They have abandoned their aversion to stock funds, pouring more money into them in January than in any other month ever.&#xa; &#xa;The $65.5 billion of net investment in equity mutual funds and exchange-traded funds that month appeared to
doc_id: 281
CORNER OFFICE; First, Make Sure Your Idea Works On a Small Stage
This interview with Francesca Zambello , general and artistic director of the Glimmerglass Festival and artistic director of the Washington National Opera , was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant. &#xa; &#xa;Q. &#xa;Do you remember the first time you were in a leadership role?&#xa; A. I started a theater company at Colgate because I
doc_id: 282
DIGITAL DOMAIN; Wearing a Badge, And a Video Camera
HERE&#x2019;S a fraught encounter: one police officer, one civilian and anger felt by one or both. Afterward, it may be hard to sort out who did what to whom. &#xa; &#xa;Now, some police departments are using miniaturized video cameras and their microphones to capture, in full detail, officers&#x2019; interactions with civilians. The cameras are so
doc_id: 283
The Infinity Pool Of Executive Pay
RELAX. Sit back. And forget, for a moment, those pesky shareholders and bothersome boards, the regulations, the investigations and all the other headaches of being a chief executive today.&#xa; &#xa;Dodd-Frank rules? Securities and Exchange Commission lawyers? Leave them behind. And let yourself sink into the buttery leather seat of your corporate
doc_id: 284
OFF THE SHELF; How Texas Became Texas And Why It Matters
AS a Texas-raised journalist, I can tell you two things with confidence about my native state. One, its economy has been humming nicely for years. Two, this appears to greatly offend a certain breed of Northern writer, several of whom have descended on the state in an attempt to rebut stories of a &#x201C;Texas miracle.&#x201D; Their reports, Erica
doc_id: 285
ECONOMIC VIEW; Shifting Our Saving Into Automatic
MANY problems are so complex that even if we had the money to fix them, we wouldn&#x2019;t know how to do it. Fixing inner-city schools, reducing obesity, creating peace in the Middle East are just a few examples. &#xa; &#xa;But some problems are frustrating in another way: we know how to fix them and we can afford to fix them, but we drop the
doc_id: 286
Health Policy Is in Flux, and So Are Funds
THE Affordable Care Act, a k a Obamacare, isn&#x2019;t the only upheaval in the health care sector lately. Health care mutual funds have experienced tumult, too. &#xa; &#xa;The two largest such funds, Vanguard Health Care and T. Rowe Price Health Sciences , recently lost their longtime managers. Edward P. Owens, who ran the Vanguard fund for nearly
doc_id: 287
Why Solar Power Stocks Are Still Earthbound
LONG-SUFFERING investors in solar energy stocks had reason to enjoy the first six weeks of 2013. After several years of poor performance while the overall market advanced, solar and other &#x201C;green&#x201D; energy technologies were market leaders early this year.&#xa; &#xa;But by the end of the quarter, most of these stocks had fallen again. Was
doc_id: 288
The Chatter
&#xA0;&#x201C;This a good day for H.P., its board and its share owners.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;John C. Liu, The New York City comptroller, after Hewlett-Packard announced that Raymond J. Lane, its embattled chairman, was stepping down from his post just two weeks after his narrow re-election. The New York City pension fund has more than $100 million in
doc_id: 289
BUCKS; A.T.M.&#x2019;s With a Human Touch
Bank of America is introducing new automated teller machines that evoke the bridge of the starship Enterprise, where captain and crew spoke remotely with others in outer space.&#xa; &#xa;The bank&#x2019;s &#x201C;teller assist&#x201D; A.T.M.&#x2019;s let customers get on-screen help from a remote bank teller over a live video link for transactions
doc_id: 290
A Sharp Drop In Job Growth Sows Concern
It looks as if the spring swoon is back. &#xa; &#xa;American employers added an estimated 88,000 jobs to their payrolls last month, compared with 268,000 in February, according to a Labor Department report released Friday. It was the slowest pace of growth since last June, and less than half of what economists had expected. It also was the start of
doc_id: 291
Jobs Data Cements a Bad Week for the S.&#x26;P. 500
Weak data on jobs tripped up Wall Street on Friday, capping the worst week of the year for the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index and throwing cold water on optimism that the country was finally poised for a sustained recovery. &#xa; &#xa;The employment figures for March showed that employers added the fewest jobs in nine months and that
doc_id: 292
BITS; ZIP Codes&#xd; At the Register
I usually dread shopping in stores. Trying on clothes is tedious, and sometimes completing the actual purchase is, too. Retailers like to ask for all sorts of information as they&#x2019;re ringing up your merchandise, like your e-mail address and ZIP code. I just want to pay and be on my way, and they give me the third degree. Read more &#xBB; This
doc_id: 293
SHORTCUTS; You&#x2019;ve Been Doing a Fantastic Job. Just One Thing ...
MOST of us think we know how to give feedback. Positive comments are better &#x2014; and more useful &#x2014; than negative ones. And if you do have to point out something wrong, start with a compliment, move on to the problem, then end on a high note.&#xa; &#xa;It turns out that it&#x2019;s not that simple. Those who have studied the issue have
doc_id: 294
OFF THE CHARTS; Junk Bonds Get Junkier, but Still Sell Briskly
JUNK bonds have never been more popular, even if they no longer deserve to be called high-yield bonds, the more polite description that Wall Street prefers.&#xa; &#xa;During the first quarter of this year, a record $133 billion of such bonds were sold around the world. While sales in the United States fell a little short of the record set in the
doc_id: 295
Boeing&#x2019;s 787 Takes Flight To Assess New Battery
A Boeing 787 flew for nearly two hours on Friday in a flight that wrapped up the company&#x2019;s tests of modifications meant to prevent fires in its lithium-ion batteries.&#xa; &#xa;The company said it would analyze the results of several weeks of testing, which included blowing up the batteries in labs, and then forward the results to the
doc_id: 296
BUSINESS BRIEFING | LEGAL/REGULATORY; Judge Approves Bank of America Settlement
Bank of America on Friday won a federal judge&#x2019;s approval for a $2.43 billion settlement with investors who said the lender hid crucial information when it bought Merrill Lynch. The accord, among the largest investor settlements stemming from the recent global financial crisis, was approved by Federal District Judge P. Kevin Castel in
doc_id: 297
DEALBOOK; Anheuser-Busch Merger Deal Clears an Antitrust Hurdle
8:46 p.m. | Updated Anheuser-Busch InBev said on Friday that it had reached an agreement in principle to win government approval for its $20.1 billion deal to buy control of Grupo Modelo, the maker of Corona.&#xa; &#xa;The Obama administration sued on Jan. 31 to block the takeover, arguing that the deal would give Anheuser-Busch InBev too much
doc_id: 298
U.S. Trade Deficit Falls As Exports Rise Sharply
The nation&#x2019;s trade deficit unexpectedly narrowed in February, the government reported Friday, as exports climbed near a record and the volume of imported crude oil fell to the lowest level in 17 years.&#xa; &#xa;The gap between exports and imports shrank to $43 billion in February, down 3.4 percent from a revised $44.5 billion in January,
doc_id: 299
Undersea Gas Offers&#xd; Cyprus Hope for Future
LONDON &#x2014; If there are any bright spots in the gloom surrounding the economy of Cyprus, one place to look would be about 170 kilometers south of the coastal city of Limassol. There, about 1,700 meters below the surface of the Mediterranean Sea, is a potentially lucrative natural gas field called Aphrodite. &#xa; &#xa;Noble Energy, the
doc_id: 300
WEALTH MATTERS; Overseas Finances Can Trip Up Americans Abroad
LIVING and working abroad may sound romantic. But having a financial life in more than one country &#x2014; if one of those countries is the United States &#x2014; is becoming increasingly complicated.&#xa; &#xa;Managing an international financial life was once solely the purview of the superrich, who jetted around the world. But given the
doc_id: 301
BP Payouts Are Upheld; An Appeal Is Likely
NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) &#x2014; BP can proceed with its appeal of the way a court-appointed administrator apportions payments for claims related to the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, some of which BP has called &#x201C;absurd,&#x201D; according to a federal judge&#x2019;s ruling on Friday.&#xa; &#xa;Federal District Judge Carl Barbier said he found
doc_id: 302
YOUR MONEY; A Quick Electronic Signature at the Car Rental Office, and Then Trouble
Sandra McKinnon knew the drill after three trips from Oakland, Calif., to Tulsa, Okla., to visit her elderly father. When she went to pick up a rental car, she would have to decide whether to buy the insurance .&#xa; &#xa;Before her most recent trip last spring, she learned that she was covered through her personal auto policy and her credit card.
doc_id: 303
BUCKS; Watching Fees&#xd; On Transfers
Back in January, I fulfilled a New Year&#x2019;s resolution by setting up automatic online transfers for my children&#x2019;s weekly allowances. So far, so good &#x2014; or, so I thought.&#xa; &#xa;Last week, I got a stern e-mail from Capital One 360 (formerly ING Direct), warning me that I was making too many withdrawals from my savings account.
doc_id: 304
COMMON SENSE; Even After New Highs, The Rally May Last
Is the party over? &#xa; &#xa;With both the Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index hitting new highs this week, and the S.&#x26; P. 500 having already gained 10 percent in the first quarter, a growing chorus of analysts and financial advisers are warning investors that it is too late to join the rally.
doc_id: 305
Tensions With North Korea Unsettle South&#x27;s Economy
SEOUL &#x2014; North Korea &#x2019;s torrent of threats &#x2014; and the matching show of military power and political resolve from the United States and South Korea &#x2014; began showing signs of unsettling foreign investors&#x2019; confidence Friday.&#xa; &#xa;The development magnified the challenges Seoul and Washington face. The two powers are
doc_id: 306
DEALBOOK; MF Global Liquidation Plan Wins Approval From Court
A day after MF Global&#x2019;s bankruptcy trustee hinted he might sue top executives for &#x201C;negligent conduct,&#x201D; his separate plan to liquidate the firm secured court approval, ushering in a final phase of a case that rattled Wall Street and prompted a federal investigation.&#xa; &#xa;At a hearing in bankruptcy court in Manhattan on
doc_id: 307
WHEELS; Fisker Automotive Lays Off Bulk of Its Workers
Fisker Automotive, the maker of a $100,000-and-up plug-in hybrid luxury sedan, said on Friday that about three-quarters of its workers had been let go to &#x201C;allow the company to work through its current financial challenges.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;The statement was issued on behalf of Fisker by Sitrick &#x26; Company, a Los Angeles public relations
doc_id: 308
Parched in Cattle Country
BLOOMING GROVE, Tex. &#x2014; Gary Price is a rarity among cattle ranchers these days. He&#x2019;s making money on his herd of 200 cows in this tiny town about an hour south of Dallas-Fort Worth. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;The market is very good, and we&#x2019;ve been able to keep what we&#x2019;ve needed to buy, feed and such, to a minimum,&#x201D; Mr.
doc_id: 309
DEALBOOK; UBS Aided Purchase of Stake in China Insurer
SHANGHAI &#x2014; The Swiss banking giant UBS made a $5.5 billion loan early this year to help a Thai company acquire a 15.6 percent stake in China&#x2019;s Ping An Insurance Group, according to people briefed on the deal.&#xa; &#xa;The loan helps explain how the Charoen Pokphand Group, an agribusiness giant based in Thailand, was able to complete
doc_id: 310
DEALBOOK; JPMorgan Works to Avert a Split of the Chief and Chairman Roles
JPMorgan Chase is working behind the scenes to avert a major potential embarrassment.&#xa; &#xa;In anticipation of a crucial vote at next month&#x2019;s annual meeting, board members are planning to sit down with some of the bank&#x2019;s biggest shareholders to make their case that JPMorgan&#x2019;s influential chief executive, Jamie Dimon ,
doc_id: 311
BUSINESS BRIEFING | AGRICULTURE; Midwest Farmers Looking For Best Crop In Decades
A cool spring in the Midwest has farmers eager for soils to warm up before planting what is expected to be the region&#x2019;s biggest crop in decades. Farmers this week could begin planting corn in many spots across the upper Midwest, according to insurance policies that cover costs if they have to replant because of a flood or killing frost.
doc_id: 312
H.P. Chairman Steps Down as 2 Resign From Board
In another upheaval for the board of Hewlett-Packard , the company said on Thursday that Raymond J. Lane, its embattled chairman, was stepping down from that post, just two weeks after his narrow re-election. Two other directors departed the board entirely.&#xa; &#xa;The move may give Meg Whitman, H.P.&#x2019;s chief executive, a little more
doc_id: 313
Ex-Bank Officials Named in Cyprus Inquiry
LONDON &#x2014; Two of the most senior executives at Bank of Cyprus may have deleted crucial e-mail documents last year related to what proved to be a disastrous decision to invest heavily in Greek government bonds just before Greece&#x2019;s international bailout in 2010, according to an investigative report commissioned by the central bank of
doc_id: 314
With Pep Talks Coming From Central Banks, the Markets Make Modest Gains
Stocks ended higher on Thursday after the Bank of Japan announced aggressive policies to lift its economy, but weak jobs data in the United States capped gains.&#xa; &#xa;The Bank of Japan&#x2019;s surprising stimulus plan came with supportive comments from officials in Europe and at the Federal Reserve, suggesting that central bank actions will
doc_id: 315
Bertelsmann Confirms Plans to Sell Stock in RTL
The German media conglomerate Bertelsmann confirmed plans on Thursday to raise money for acquisitions by selling stock in RTL, the biggest commercial broadcaster in Europe.&#xa; &#xa;Bertelsmann, which controls 92 percent of RTL, said it planned to reduce its ownership to as little as 75 percent through a public stock offering and private sales to
doc_id: 316
Japan Tries New Tactics To Revive Its Economy
TOKYO &#x2014; Haruhiko Kuroda, the new governor of the Bank of Japan , delivered on his promise to drastically change Japan&#x2019;s economic policy to end a long, debilitating era of deflation.&#xa; &#xa;The nation&#x2019;s central bank announced on Thursday that it would double the amount of money in circulation and try to produce annual
doc_id: 317
Bank of England Leaves Benchmark Interest Rate at Record Low
LONDON &#x2014; The Bank of England kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged on Thursday amid concern that the British economy fell back into recession at the beginning of the year.&#xa; &#xa;The central bank decided to leave its interest rate at the record low of 0.5 percent, where it has been since March 2009. It also held its program of
doc_id: 318
DEALBOOK; Lawyers for Enron&#x2019;s Skilling Are Trying to Reduce His 24-Year Prison Sentence
Jeffrey K. Skilling, the former Enron chief executive serving a 24-year sentence for his role in the fraud that led to the energy giant&#x2019;s collapse, could be released early from prison under a possible agreement with the government, according to a notice posted late Wednesday on the Justice Department&#x2019;s Web site.&#xa; &#xa;Lawyers for
doc_id: 319
Central Banker Dismisses Any Move to Drop Euro
FRANKFURT &#x2014; The head of the European Central Bank on Thursday rejected suggestions that Cyprus or any other country might give up the euro or be better off if it did.&#xa; &#xa;During the last year, Mario Draghi, president of the bank, has managed to quiet financial markets, cap government borrowing costs and contain the euro zone crisis by
doc_id: 320
HIGH &#x26; LOW FINANCE; Finding A Rate That&#x2019;s Fairer Than Libor
Perhaps it is time to feel sorry for the big banks, at least when it comes to Libor . If they do what some regulators want, it appears they will be directly defying other regulators. If they do what those other regulators want, they may end up facing criminal charges.&#xa; &#xa;Libor, if you have not been paying attention, is the London interbank
doc_id: 321
CORNER OFFICE; Want to Innovate? Get Ready to Kiss Some Frogs
Corner Office, a feature exploring the management insights of business leaders, has expanded to two days a week. This interview with Andy Mills, the president of Medline Industries, a big maker and distributor of health care supplies based in Mundelein, Ill., was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant. &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;&#xA0; Q. Tell me about your
doc_id: 322
DEALBOOK; A Former Manager at SAC Changes Defense Lawyers
Mathew Martoma, the former SAC Capital Advisors portfolio manager facing insider trading charges, has switched lawyers, replacing Charles A. Stillman of Stillman &#x26; Friedman with Richard M. Strassberg of Goodwin Procter.&#xa; &#xa;The move is likely to fuel speculation about whether Mr. Martoma, who has denied the charges and refused to
doc_id: 323
New Jobless Claims Climb Unexpectedly to a 4-Month High
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &#x2014; The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits hit a four-month high last week, suggesting that the labor market recovery may have lost some momentum in March.&#xa; &#xa;Initial claims for state unemployment benefits increased 28,000 to a seasonally adjusted 385,000, the highest level since
doc_id: 324
DEALBOOK; Professor at Columbia Is Chosen to Be New Dean of N.Y.U.&#x2019;s Law School
Trevor W. Morrison, a Columbia Law School professor and constitutional law scholar, will be the next dean of New York University Law School, the president of N.Y.U. announced on Thursday. &#xa; &#xa;Mr. Morrison will succeed Richard L. Revesz, whose 11-year tenure will end on May 31. &#x201C;N.Y.U. Law School has snared a prize,&#x201D; Supreme
doc_id: 325
Saudi Foothold in Texas
PORT ARTHUR, Tex. &#x2014; It is hard to imagine the desert sands of the Persian Gulf being any farther away than from this swampy refinery port known for Cajun food, sport fishing and being the birthplace of Janis Joplin.&#xa; &#xa;But right in the middle of town stands a strategic outpost for Saudi Arabia &#x2019;s global ambitions, although one
doc_id: 326
BITS; Facebook Software Puts It Front and Center on Android Phones
9:20 p.m. | Updated &#xa;Added more details and analysis.&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;MENLO PARK, Calif. &#x2014; Cellphones have long been Facebook&#x2019;s Achilles&#x2019; heel. With its users flocking to mobile phones by the millions &#x2014; and many of its newest users never accessing the services on computers at all &#x2014; the company has struggled to
doc_id: 327
DealBook Online
STEPPING DOWN Stephen Friedman, a director of Goldman Sachs and chairman of the board&#x2019;s risk committee, plans to retire, the firm announced on Thursday. Mr. Friedman, 75, left, is required to retire by Goldman&#x2019;s corporate governance guidelines, which set 75 as the maximum age for directors.&#xa; &#xa;A onetime leader of Goldman who
doc_id: 328
Fed Weighs A Reaction To Stirrings Of Recovery
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Federal Reserve officials are grappling publicly with a better kind of problem than most they&#x2019;ve confronted in recent years: what if the labor market continues to improve more rapidly than they had expected?&#xa; &#xa;The economy added an average of 187,000 jobs a month from September to February, slightly faster than the
doc_id: 329
Troika Talks Resume, Yet Again, in Greece
ATHENS &#x2014; Inspectors from the international creditors providing a bailout for Greece were back in Athens on Thursday to resume talks that stalled last month over a delayed plan to thin the ranks of the country&#x2019;s civil service and other budget-cutting measures.&#xa; &#xa;The talks, part of the process by which Greece must satisfy the
doc_id: 330
DEALBOOK; Trustee in MF Global Case Delays Suit Against Its Chief
Even while accusing Jon S. Corzine and other former MF Global executives of &#x201C;negligent conduct&#x201D; that may have fueled the brokerage firm&#x2019;s collapse, a bankruptcy trustee has agreed to postpone a lawsuit against them.&#xa; &#xa;Instead, Mr. Corzine&#x2019;s lawyers will enter mediation next week with the trustee, Louis J. Freeh,
doc_id: 331
ADVERTISING; Nationwide Insurance Teams With &#x2018;Mad Men&#x2019;
A TELEVISION series about advertising will again feature advertising about advertising.&#xa; &#xa;The series is &#x201C;Mad Men,&#x201D; which begins its sixth season with a two-hour episode Sunday night. Nationwide Insurance has made a deal with AMC, the cable channel that is home to &#x201C;Mad Men,&#x201D; to become a season-long sponsor of the
doc_id: 332
A City So Charming That Many Visitors Never Leave
SANTIAGO &#x2014; Chile, especially its capital, Santiago, can be appealing to anyone who values clean streets, efficient public transportation and honorable law enforcement.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I lived in Argentina for two years and the economic turmoil there can be unbearable,&#x201D; said Kristina Schreck, who was born in California. &#x201C;But
doc_id: 333
Cleveland Paper to Trim Delivery and Cut Staff
The Plain Dealer in Cleveland, whose reporters organized one of the industry&#x2019;s most active opposition movements against its parent company&#x2019;s plans for cutbacks, will trim home delivery to three days a week and create a new digital company, the owner, Advance Publications, said on Thursday. The paper is also expected to cut more than a
doc_id: 334
Jury Selection Continues In Trial on Jackson&#x2019;s Death
A global corporation accused of pushing a beloved entertainer to his death. A family whose internal squabbles have been tabloid catnip for decades. A courtroom crowded with lawyers, but off limits to television cameras.&#xa; &#xa;And, of course, the earning potential of Michael Jackson . Those are some of the elements in the latest trial over
doc_id: 335
DEALBOOK; After Stagnation, a Revival for Mexico&#x2019;s Financial Sector
MEXICO CITY &#x2014; When Banco Santander held the $4.13 billion public stock offering of its Mexico subsidiary here last September, a mariachi band and Mexican folk dancers set the festive mood for a media breakfast in a sun-filled dining room atop the stock exchange&#x2019;s skyscraper.&#xa; &#xa;The offering &#x2014; the largest ever in Mexico
doc_id: 336
DEALBOOK; Blame Abounds Over a Flawed Foreclosure Review
Private consultants and federal regulators are facing a fresh round of scrutiny in Washington after botching a broad review of foreclosures and failing to thwart financial misdeeds.&#xa; &#xa;A new report by the Government Accountability Office will take aim at the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency for creating a
doc_id: 337
China&#x2019;s Unfaltering Flight Path
SHANGHAI &#x2014; For those frustrated with air travel in the United States, arriving at this city&#x2019;s domestic airport can be a treat.&#xa; &#xa;New arrivals are whisked on electronic walkways through a bright, spacious airport terminal that features elegant lounges, free Wi-Fi, speedy security checks and an efficient baggage handling system.
doc_id: 338
Moscow Tries to Reinvent Itself as Financial Hub
MOSCOW &#x2014; Having tried and failed to become a major financial center, Moscow is trying yet again &#x2014; only this time it finds itself competing for business with Warsaw, not London, Tokyo and New York. &#xa; &#xa;Moscow wants companies to list on the Moscow stock exchange. It wants money center banks to expand here, as well as insurance
doc_id: 339
ADVERTISING; An MS Drug Takes a Feisty Approach Aimed at Younger Patients
THE Swiss drug maker Novartis is taking a sassy new tack to win converts to its oral multiple sclerosis treatment, Gilenya. Its &#x201C;Hey MS, Take This!&#x201D; campaign shows patients sticking out their tongues with Gilenya capsules on them to show their willingness to fight back against the neurological condition.&#xa; &#xa;The campaign, which
doc_id: 340
DEALBOOK; Lawsuit by Ex-Wife of SAC Capital Founder Is Revived on Appeal
While the billionaire Steven A. Cohen has come under mounting scrutiny related to insider trading, he had reason to believe that a nasty court battle with his former wife was behind him.&#xa; &#xa;But on Wednesday, a federal appeals court revived the lawsuit that Patricia Cohen, Mr. Cohen&#x2019;s ex-wife, had filed against him. The development
doc_id: 341
Shipments Becalmed in Hong Kong Strike
HONG KONG &#x2014; The waters of the South China Sea surrounding Hong Kong were the setting for an uncommon sight this week: A growing crowd of hulking cargo ships bobbing aimlessly in the haze as their frustrated crews, captains, agents and owners waited for them to be able to come in to port. &#xa; &#xa;A rare strike among contract dockworkers at
doc_id: 342
DEALBOOK; Dexia Claims Against JPMorgan Barred
A federal judge dealt a devastating blow to a lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase that accused the nation&#x2019;s largest bank and its affiliates of duping investors into buying troubled mortgage-backed securities.&#xa; &#xa;In a ruling on Tuesday, Judge Jed S. Rakoff dismissed claims from Dexia, a Belgian-French bank that had sued JPMorgan over losses
doc_id: 343
As Web Search Goes Mobile, Apps Chip at Google&#x2019;s Lead
Say you need a latt&#xE9;. You might pull out your phone, open the Yelp app and search for a nearby cafe. If instead you want to buy an espresso machine, you will most likely tap Amazon.com . &#xa; &#xa;Either way, Google lost a customer. Google remains the undisputed king of search, with about two-thirds of the market. But the nature of search is
doc_id: 344
DEALBOOK; Report Faults &#x2018;at All Costs&#x2019; Attitude at Barclays That Encouraged Risk
7:43 p.m. | Updated LONDON &#x2014; The push to change Barclays from a predominantly British retail bank to a global financial giant over the last two decades created a culture that put profit before customers, according to an independent report released on Wednesday.&#xa; &#xa;That review, which was ordered by the bank&#x2019;s top management
doc_id: 345
Lululemon&#x2019;s Top Product Officer to Leave After Pants Fiasco
Lululemon , the Canadian yoga wear maker, said on Wednesday that its chief product officer was stepping down, as it updated the production problems it has had with see-through pants.&#xa; &#xa;The company said the departure of Sheree Waterson, the chief product officer, was part of a plan to reorganize its product team to support long-term growth.
doc_id: 346
DEALBOOK; Lawsuit by Ex-Wife of SAC Capital Founder Is Revived on Appeal
While the billionaire Steven A. Cohen has come under mounting scrutiny related to insider trading, he had reason to believe that a nasty court battle with his former wife was behind him.&#xa; &#xa;But on Wednesday, a federal appeals court revived the lawsuit that Patricia Cohen, Mr. Cohen&#x2019;s ex-wife, had filed against him. The development
doc_id: 347
GADGETWISE; Tip Of The Week
Keeping the open browser tabs on a computer in sync with the browser on a mobile device can save a lot of time and e-mailing when you are on the go and need to keep working. The Google Chrome browser can keep tabs in sync between its desktop and Android mobile versions when all the devices are signed into the same Chrome account. Google&#x2019;s
doc_id: 348
GREEN COLUMN; Campaigns on Multiple Fronts Against Whale Hunting
AUSTIN, TEXAS &#x2014; Whaling brings to mind visions of the 19th century. Harpoons into blubber. Captain Ahab versus Moby-Dick.&#xa; &#xa;But in some parts of the world, whaling remains very much alive, despite a world moratorium on commercial whaling that took effect in 1986. In 2011, more than 1,500 whales were hunted and killed, according to
doc_id: 349
DealBook Online
TRANSITION The Toronto-Dominion Bank, which is pursuing an aggressive expansion into the United States, said on Wednesday that the head of its American operation would become its chief executive late next year.&#xa; &#xa;Bharat B. Masrani, left, will take over the bank when W. Edmund Clark retires as president and chief executive in November 2014.
doc_id: 350
Data Suggests Cautious Business Climate
WASHINGTON (AP) &#x2014; Two reports showed Wednesday that American service companies grew more slowly in March and private employers pulled back on hiring. The declines suggest businesses may have grown more cautious last month after federal spending cuts took effect.&#xa; &#xa;The Institute for Supply Management said that its index of
doc_id: 351
Europe Sets Strict Terms In the Bailout for Cyprus
BRUSSELS &#x2014; The International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday that it would contribute 1 billion euros, or about 10 percent, of a bailout package for Cyprus but stipulated that the country would need to take tough measures to overhaul its beleaguered economy.&#xa; &#xa;The other 9 billion euros, or $11.6 billion, of the bailout is to come
doc_id: 352
DEALBOOK; Uncovering the Human Factor in Risk Management Models
When he left physics, John Breit had the choice of a job in naval intelligence or on Wall Street. &#x201C;My wife said I couldn&#x2019;t be a spy. She hates capitalism, but said to go to Wall Street,&#x201D; he told me recently. &#x201C;And then I ended up running a spy network.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa; Calvin Trillin once attributed the financial
doc_id: 353
Monsanto Lifts Outlook, Citing Profit
Monsanto , the world&#x2019;s largest seed company, raised its full-year profit forecast on Wednesday after reporting better-than-expected earnings in its second quarter, driven by strength in its global corn and herbicide businesses.&#xa; &#xa;The company, a leading developer of genetically engineered corn, soybeans and other crops, said it
doc_id: 354
Facebook Is Expected To Introduce Its Phone
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; Facebook does not have to build a phone, as its chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, has long maintained. &#xa; &#xa;But it needs to find a way to play a bigger role in delivering what consumers want from their phones: ways to communicate, find answers to questions, shop and be entertained. The company would especially like to
doc_id: 355
Russian Bank Aids Search for Irish Billionaire&#x2019;s Assets
MOSCOW &#x2014; The Irish Bank Resolution Company is working with one of Russia &#x2019;s largest banks to help find and seize assets in the former Soviet Union that belong to Sean Quinn, a bankrupt Irish billionaire who was once Ireland&#x2019;s richest man .&#xa; &#xa;The government-owned Irish bank is looking to seize a dozen properties in
doc_id: 356
Weakness in Jobs Report Sends Market Lower
Weak reports on hiring and service industries helped send the stock market sharply lower on Wednesday, giving the Dow Jones industrial average its worst day in more than a month.&#xa; &#xa;The Dow fell 111.66 points, or 0.8 percent, to 14,550.35, its biggest decline since Feb. 25. The Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index dropped 16.56
doc_id: 357
STATE OF THE ART; T-Mobile Breaks Free Of Carrier Conspiracy
Where, exactly, is your threshold for outrage?&#xa; &#xa;Would you speak up if you were overbilled for a meal? Would you complain if you paid for a book from Amazon.com that never arrived? Or what if you had to keep making monthly mortgage payments even after your loan was fully repaid? Well, guess what? If you&#x2019;re like most people,
doc_id: 358
DEALBOOK; Former Goldman Trader Pleads Guilty to Wire Fraud
7:08 p.m. | Updated A former Goldman Sachs trader suspected of fabricating huge positions pleaded guilty to criminal actions on Wednesday, escalating a case that until now had led only to civil charges.&#xa; &#xa;Matthew M. Taylor, whose trading caused unexpected losses for Goldman, pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud at a court hearing in
doc_id: 359
SMALL-BUSINESS GUIDE; Businesses of Varied Sizes Find Customer Relationship Help
Kelly Fallis has inadvertently become something of an expert on customer-relationship management, or C.R.M., software. She has gone through eight platforms in three years as chief executive of RemoteStylist , a five-employee company, based in Toronto and with an operation in New York, that provides free design advice and sells furniture at
doc_id: 360
Rutgers Leaders Are Faulted on Abusive Coach
Rutgers made an unconventional choice for an athletic director four years ago when it selected Tim Pernetti, a television executive who had extensive experience presenting college games on national broadcasts but had never run a college program or coached a major team. &#xa; &#xa;With the business of college sports becoming more crucial to a
doc_id: 361
Walmart Strains To Keep Aisles Stocked Fresh
Michelle Obama visited a Walmart in February to extol the fresh, healthy food in the company&#x2019;s grocery aisles. But Walmart, Ms. Obama&#x2019;s corporate partner in a campaign to make food healthier and more affordable, has been running into problems with food that is not so fresh.&#xa; &#xa;Walmart, the nation&#x2019;s largest retailer and
doc_id: 362
Rate Increase for Private Medicare Buoys an Uncertain Market
Stocks rose on Tuesday, led by the health care sector after the government said it would alter payment rates for private Medicare insurers, and helped by data on factory orders that indicated the economy was steadily improving.&#xa; &#xa;The Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index and the Dow Jones industrial average closed at nominal highs,
doc_id: 363
Euro Zone Unemployment&#xd; Reaches a Record at 12%
PARIS &#x2014; While the euro zone has been transfixed lately by the Cyprus meltdown, another and potentially bigger European crisis has continued to simmer: record-high unemployment. &#xa; &#xa;Spending cuts and tax increases aimed at trimming debt and addressing the financial crises in bailed-out euro zone countries, and the rising rate of
doc_id: 364
European Car Sales Point to Continuing Slump
European car sales shrank again in March, threatening more losses for automakers in the region after a dismal 2012, figures and forecasts suggested on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;French car sales fell 16.4 percent in March and 14.7 percent overall in the first quarter, according to figures published by the country&#x2019;s main auto industry body, CCFA, on
doc_id: 365
Fannie Mae Reports Record $7.6 Billion Quarterly Earnings
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &#x2014; Fannie Mae , the largest mortgage financier in the United States, said Tuesday that it earned $7.6 billion in the fourth quarter, a record amount. It also predicted that it would be profitable &#x201C;for the foreseeable future,&#x201D; the latest sign that it is benefiting from a housing market recovery.&#xa;
doc_id: 366
Finance Minister Resigns in Cyprus, Citing an Inquiry
Michalis Sarris, the Cypriot finance minister who negotiated Cyprus&#x2019;s bailout agreement with international creditors, resigned on Tuesday, citing the beginning of a government inquiry into the collapse of the country&#x2019;s banking industry.&#xa; &#xa;President Nicos Anastasiades accepted the decision by Mr. Sarris to step down, and the
doc_id: 367
Jimmy Fallon Said to Have Extended NBC Contract
Jimmy Fallon has signed a contract extension with NBC that will keep him at the network, executives with knowledge of the deal said Tuesday night. It is understood the deal will include that he will succeed Jay Leno as host of the &#x201C;Tonight&#x201D; show at some point, they said.&#xa; &#xa;A transition from Mr. Leno to Mr. Fallon has been
doc_id: 368
J.C. Penney Slashes Pay Of Its Chief
In a clear sign of its dissatisfaction with the direction of the company, the board of J. C. Penney gave its chief executive, Ron Johnson, a pay cut of almost 97 percent, to $1.9 million, for 2012, according to a regulatory filing on Tuesday. &#xa; &#xa;In addition, not a single top executive received a cash bonus for the year. &#x201C;The C.E.O.
doc_id: 369
SQUARE FEET; Going Beyond Green
SEATTLE &#x2014; When an office building here that bills itself as the world&#x2019;s greenest officially opens later this month, it will present itself as a &#x201C;living building zoo,&#x201D; with docents leading tours and smartphone-wielding tourists able to scan bar codes to learn about the artfully exposed mechanical and electrical systems.
doc_id: 370
March Auto Sales Increased 3.4% for Highest Total Since 2007
DETROIT &#x2014; Automakers reported on Tuesday that March sales of new cars and trucks were the highest monthly total in five years, providing more evidence of a sustained turnaround in the industry.&#xa; &#xa;According to Autodata, 1.45 million vehicles were sold during the month, a 3.4 percent improvement over last year, as a strengthening
doc_id: 371
THE 30-MINUTE INTERVIEW; William F. Peel III
Mr. Peel, 59, is the chief executive of Datawatch Systems, a company based in Bethesda, Md., that provides remote security monitoring for commercial buildings in the United States and Canada. &#xa; &#xa;&#xA0; Interview conducted and condensed by VIVIAN MARINO Q. Is there a William F. Peel IV? A. There is: my son. No fifth yet. Q. So how is
doc_id: 372
Biggest Rise In 5 Months For Orders At Factories
WASHINGTON (AP) &#x2014; Orders to American factories rose sharply in February from January on a surge in volatile demand for commercial aircraft. The gain offset a drop in important orders that signal business investment.&#xa; &#xa;The Commerce Department said on Tuesday that factory orders increased 3 percent in February. That is a turnaround
doc_id: 373
SQUARE FEET; Once Hobbled, New York Developer Aims for Comeback
David Lichtenstein presided over one of the biggest real estate debacles of the last economic cycle. In 2009, only two years after he bought a portfolio of nearly 700 hotels for $8 billion, almost all of it borrowed, he filed for bankruptcy protection.&#xa; &#xa;The failure of the overleveraged Extended Stay Hotels deal cost Mr.
doc_id: 374
NEWS ANALYSIS; Emissions Rules Put Alternative-Fuel Vehicles in a Bind
WASHINGTON&#xa; &#xa;THE Environmental Protection Agency &#x2019;s latest proposed tightening of limits on sulfur in gasoline, and its previous rules, will most likely have the perverse consequence of retarding the development of cars running on batteries, advanced biofuels or hydrogen &#x2014; all promising but expensive technologies that have not
doc_id: 375
Bank Will Pay Credit Unions $165 Million in a Settlement
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &#x2014; Bank of America has agreed to pay $165 million to settle accusations from the federal agency that regulates credit unions over sales of mortgage-backed securities to corporate credit unions that led them to fail, the agency said on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;Bank of America disclosed in February that it had reached a
doc_id: 376
Japanese Cabinet Proposes Energy Sector Overhauls
TOKYO &#x2014; The Japanese cabinet approved a proposal Tuesday to revamp the country&#x2019;s troubled electricity industry and foster competition by obliging utilities to split power generation and distribution into separate businesses.&#xa; &#xa;The plan is meant to encourage more innovation and modernization of the power grid as the country
doc_id: 377
DEALBOOK; S.E.C. Sets Rules for Disclosures Using Social Media
8:34 p.m. | Updated Chief executives can now feel free to post, blog or tweet &#x2014; as long as they inform investors about their social media strategy first.&#xa; &#xa;The Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday outlined new disclosure rules that clarify how companies can use Facebook , Twitter and other social networks to disseminate
doc_id: 378
A Debate In the Open On the Fed
RICHMOND, Va. &#x2014; Federal Reserve officials regularly air their views in public speeches, but they rarely engage in public debates. On Tuesday night, two of the officials who disagree most sharply about the Fed&#x2019;s current policy did just that.&#xa; &#xa;The exchange between Charles L. Evans, an outspoken advocate for the Fed&#x2019;s
doc_id: 379
DEALBOOK; Upping the Ante in a Play for a Stronger Board
Would you pay a director tens of millions for fantastic performance? Welcome to the newest trend in activist investing: hedge funds paying their nominees to a company&#x2019;s board as if they were chief executives.&#xa; &#xa;The latest examples can be found in two prominent proxy fights. In the first, Paul Singer&#x2019;s Elliott Management has
doc_id: 380
ECONOMIC SCENE; Misdirected Investments In Education
James Heckman is one of the nation&#x2019;s top economists studying human development. Thirteen years ago, he shared the Nobel for economics. In February, he stood before the annual meeting of the Nebraska Chamber of Commerce and Industry, showed the assembled business executives a chart , and demolished the United States&#x2019; entire approach to
doc_id: 381
Transactions
Recent Sale&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;$4.7 MILLION 57 Grand Street (between West Broadway and Wooster Street) Manhattan A local investor has bought this four-story loft building on a 22-by-67-foot lot in the SoHo-Cast Iron Historic District. The mixed-use building has 4,422 square feet. Toad Hall, a bar, occupies the 1,474-square-foot ground-floor space.
doc_id: 382
Google Faces More Inquiries in Europe Over Privacy Policy
Instead of facing one European investigation into its privacy policy, Google now has to contend with at least six of them.&#xa; &#xa;Data protection agencies in Britain, Germany, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands said on Tuesday that they were moving to take action against Google over the policy, which the company introduced last year. They joined
doc_id: 383
2 Deterrents To Robocalls Win Contest By F.T.C.
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Caller ID, Do Not Call registries, telephone number blocking &#x2014; all entered the arsenal of consumer weapons against telemarketers to great acclaim, only to fall from favor as growing numbers of cold-calling solicitors found ways around them.&#xa; &#xa;Now, the Federal Trade Commission again says it might have found a
doc_id: 384
For Hong Kong Markets, Bad Omen in a Movie Premiere
HONG KONG &#x2014; There are all sorts of reasons for the Hong Kong stock market to have the jitters these days. The Chinese economy remains wobbly. North Korea is threatening nuclear war. And perhaps most worrisome this week, a leading Hong Kong actor has a new movie coming out.&#xa; &#xa;Hong Kong investors call it the Ting Hai effect: When the
doc_id: 385
ADVERTISING; Addictive Animal Webcams Get Network Attention
The average visitor to the Kitten Cam on Animal Planet&#x2019;s Web site has a hard time leaving. The live Internet stream of felines has been watched more than 25 million times since it started last September. The average person, seemingly transfixed by the cuteness, stays on the page for 18 minutes and 50 seconds.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;That&#x2019;s
doc_id: 386
DEALBOOK; Counterclaim Is Filed In Sex Harassment Suit
A law firm partner who was sued last month, accused of sexual harassment, fired back on Tuesday at the junior lawyer who brought the case, contending that she fabricated her claims and was obsessed with him. &#xa; &#xa;The partner, Juan Monteverde, and his law firm, Faruqi &#x26; Faruqi, filed a counterclaim in Federal District Court in Manhattan,
doc_id: 387
Apple Apology To Customers In China Over Repair Policy
SHANGHAI &#x2014; Apple &#x2019;s chief executive, Tim Cook , took the unusual step Monday of apologizing to Chinese customers over the company&#x2019;s warranty policy and said he would improve customer service in the country. &#xa; &#xa;Apple&#x2019;s apology Monday was the latest twist in a strange spectacle that has unfolded in recent weeks in
doc_id: 388
Aereo Wins a Court Battle, Dismaying Broadcasters
AEREO challenges one of the most basic tenets of the television business. Broadcasters have been trying to sue it out of existence for a year. But after suffering a big setback on Monday, the broadcast world may have to learn to live with it. &#xa; &#xa;A federal appeals court in New York on Monday upheld a ruling in favor of Aereo, the start-up
doc_id: 389
DEALBOOK; Mergers Slowed to a Snail&#x2019;s Pace in the Quarter, the Fewest Since 2003
Deal makers may want to keep the Champagne bottles on ice a while longer.&#xa; &#xa;Despite a particularly fruitful week in February &#x2014; when five deals collectively worth more than $91 billion were announced &#x2014; the business of mergers and acquisitions remains largely stuck in the doldrums. Only 8,115 deals were announced worldwide in
doc_id: 390
A Setback For Resellers Of Digital Products
A federal judge in New York has dealt a blow to the nascent business of reselling digital goods like music and e-books, ruling that a small company&#x2019;s secondary market for digital music infringes on the copyrights controlled by record companies.&#xa; &#xa;The company, ReDigi , opened an online platform in late 2011 that allowed people to
doc_id: 391
Pitts Moves to ABC News From CBS
Byron Pitts, a 15-year veteran of CBS News, is moving to ABC News, where he will be the network&#x2019;s chief national correspondent and a substitute anchor.&#xa; &#xa;ABC announced the move on Monday. Politico reported a month ago that Mr. Pitts was in talks to join ABC. Mr. Pitts has been the chief national correspondent for &#x201C;CBS Evening
doc_id: 392
I.R.S. Reversal on &#x2018;Church&#x2019; Pension Plan Rescues a Fund
The Internal Revenue Service has taken an unusual step to rescue the pensions of more than 700 people whose fund was about to run out of money, but it said that their circumstances were unique and that it was not setting a precedent.&#xa; &#xa;All the employees once worked at the Hospital Center at Orange, a New Jersey hospital that succumbed to
doc_id: 393
South Korea to Stimulate Property Market
SEOUL &#x2014; South Korea unveiled measures on Monday aimed at stimulating the property market, the first of an expected string of moves from the government of President Park Geun-hye to lift the faltering economy.&#xa; &#xa;Under the plan, first-time home buyers with lower incomes would be allowed to borrow more than the maximum amount set under
doc_id: 394
INSIDE EUROPE; Germany Appoints Itself Parent to Restive Euro Children
BERLIN &#x2014; Buoyed by solid finances, roaring exports and low unemployment, Germany increasingly sees itself as the only grown-up in Europe, responsible for bringing wayward children into line to hold the family together. &#xa; &#xa;The children are not enjoying it. Some, like the Cypriots and Greeks and many Italians and Spaniards, are openly
doc_id: 395
Ruling Sets Up Pension Battle in Bankrupt City
A federal bankruptcy judge ruled on Monday that the city of Stockton, Calif., was eligible for court protection from its creditors, clearing the way for a battle over whether public workers&#x2019; pensions can be cut when the city they work for goes bankrupt.&#xa; &#xa;After declaring Chapter 9 bankruptcy last year, Stockton eliminated tens of
doc_id: 396
American Airlines Settles Suit Against Orbitz
FORT WORTH (AP) &#x2014; American Airlines said Monday that it had settled lawsuits with the online travel agency Orbitz over the agency&#x2019;s display of information about American flights and fares.&#xa; &#xa;The companies did not disclose terms, and they declined to comment beyond a brief news release. The settlement is subject to review by
doc_id: 397
Cypriots Feel Betrayed by European Union
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; Like a lot of Cypriots, Charalambos Alexandrou helped build his country into a modern Mediterranean paradise.&#xa; &#xa;As money flowed into the island&#x2019;s banks after Cyprus joined the European Union in 2004, the country embarked on a construction boom. He landed a lucrative roofing job, at first for sleek homes and
doc_id: 398
Manufacturing&#x2019;s Mirage
These are good times for Libbey, a 125-year-old American glassmaker that nearly went bankrupt four years ago. The company&#x2019;s shares have risen to almost $20 from below $1, sales of its tableware are at a record high, and its energy-intensive factories saved more than $5 million in 2012 as natural gas prices fell. &#xa; &#xa;Despite all the
doc_id: 399
Spending Cuts and Higher Taxes Weigh on Manufacturing Expansion
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &#x2014; Manufacturing expanded at the slowest rate in three months in March, suggesting the economy lost some momentum at the end of the first quarter as the effects of tighter fiscal policy started kicking in.&#xa; &#xa;Data so far had shown little sign that higher taxes and the $85 billion in across-the-board government
doc_id: 400
DEALBOOK; A $25 Million Question Over a Bid For Dell
Is Stephen Schwarzman&#x2019;s Blackstone Group really bidding for Dell? Or is it part of a bizarre, high-stakes charade?&#xa; &#xa;That&#x2019;s the question left lingering in the air in the wake of Dell&#x2019;s 274-page proxy filing made late last week with the Securities and Exchange Commission about the continuing battle for the company. Mr.
doc_id: 401
ON THE ROAD; A Better Way to Reunite Lost Items With Owners
ON a business trip a few months ago, I lost a little electronic device called a Fitbit that hooks onto a belt, measures physical activity and keeps daily records online. &#xa; &#xa;It had cost around $100, and I realized with dismay that it was missing only after I got home. But I didn&#x2019;t make any effort to ask my airline or hotel if they
doc_id: 402
DEALBOOK; 11 Partners From Bingham Join Sidley
Eleven partners at the law firm Bingham McCutchen who worked in the firm&#x2019;s highly regarded securities-enforcement practice resigned on Monday to join Sidley &#x26; Austin.&#xa; &#xa;Among those departing Bingham are Susan L. Merrill, the former head of enforcement at the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, and Neal E. Sullivan, the head
doc_id: 403
Positive Shift in Economic Sentiment in Japan
TOKYO &#x2014; Japanese business sentiment improved in the first three months of 2013, a central bank survey showed Monday, after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe&#x2019;s aggressive monetary and fiscal policy prescriptions helped to weaken the yen and bolster share prices.&#xa; &#xa;The survey was made before the Bank of Japan&#x2019;s first
doc_id: 404
Low-Cost Drugs In Poor Nations Get Lift in Court
NEW DELHI &#x2014; People in developing countries worldwide will continue to have access to low-cost copycat versions of drugs for diseases like H.I.V. and cancer, at least for a while. &#xa; &#xa;Production of the generic drugs in India, the world&#x2019;s biggest provider of cheap medicines, was ensured on Monday in a ruling by the Indian Supreme
doc_id: 405
Major Indexes Decline as Growth in Manufacturing Slows
The stock market got off to a slow start in April, edging lower on Monday after a week when the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index eclipsed its nominal high.&#xa; &#xa;The main catalyst was slowing growth in manufacturing last month. The decline in the Institute for Supply Management&#x2019;s benchmark manufacturing index for March was
doc_id: 406
Keeping the Peace in Coach
Liz Tankel, a mother of two, does not need to be told that there is tension between leisure and business travelers on planes.&#xa; &#xa;On a flight several years ago from Dublin to Philadelphia, Ms. Tankel and her son were seated next to a business traveler, who upon seeing his 10-year-old seatmate, asked to be moved. &#x201C;I do not want to be
doc_id: 407
TBS Extends Conan O&#x2019;Brien&#x2019;s Contract Until November 2015
One place where late-night programming is facing no tension or instability is the cable channel TBS, which announced Monday that it had extended the contract of its signature star, Conan O&#x2019;Brien, until November 2015.&#xa; &#xa;The news comes, perhaps fittingly, as Mr. O&#x2019;Brien is set to produce a week of shows from Atlanta, which is
doc_id: 408
FREQUENT FLIER; Sometimes, It&#x2019;s Better Not to Know What&#x2019;s Coming
WHEN I moved to the United States, I started flying cross-country quite a bit. I used to work in San Francisco and fly to New York for my company, Goodby Silverstein &#x26; Partners, and now I head up our New York office and fly back to San Francisco a lot. I enjoy business travel, or I guess I learned to enjoy it. I can work or catch up on all the
doc_id: 409
DEALBOOK; Pay for Boards At Banks Soars Amid Cutbacks
Wall Street pay, while lucrative, isn&#x2019;t what it used to be &#x2014; unless you are a board member.&#xa; &#xa;Since the financial crisis, compensation for the directors of the nation&#x2019;s biggest banks has continued to rise even as the banks themselves, facing difficult markets and regulatory pressures, are reining in bonuses and pay.
doc_id: 410
BITS; From the Cloud,&#xd; Easier Analytics
Whether the move is from mainframes to minicomputers, or from there to personal computers and servers, and now to mobile devices and cloud computing, we are witnessing one grand process of moving machine intelligence closer to the people on the front lines, even as the computing at the center gets more powerful.&#xa; &#xa;Fortunes change with each
doc_id: 411
Data Storage Player Prepares to Compete Overseas
LONDON &#x2014; Box , an online business data storage and management company, plans to expand its sales force and team of developers by opening offices in Germany and France in coming months, building on its first overseas foray last summer in Britain.&#xa; &#xa;Aaron W. Levie, 28, chief executive of the privately held company, said he planned to
doc_id: 412
ADVERTISING; Social Marketing Drives a New York Renaissance
NEW YORK, New York, a wonderful town, according to the song &#x2014; or, if you prefer the unexpurgated lyric from the Broadway version, a hell of a town. Either way, that was the sentiment back in the day when mad men ruled Madison Avenue.&#xa; &#xa;Of late, it seems, New York has been regaining its appeal as a place to be in the ad business after
doc_id: 413
After a Shake-Up, EADS Braces for Challenges Ahead
OTTOBRUNN, GERMANY &#x2014; Like the farmers tilling the fields that surround its sprawling German offices south of Munich, European Aeronautic Defense &#x26; Space, the parent company of Airbus , is making preparations for new beginnings. &#xa; &#xa;This past week, its shareholders approved a new board of directors and formally dissolved a complex
doc_id: 414
Popular Demand
The N.C.A.A. men&#x2019;s basketball tournament has reached the Final Four, and to hear the sports report is to believe all the March Madness hoopla. Viewership of last year&#x2019;s tournament, with Kansas and Kentucky in the final, above, matched or topped many sports events. &#xa; &#xa;The 2012 N.B.A. finals, for example, averaged 16.9 million
doc_id: 415
NEWS ANALYSIS; Calculating the Impact of Cyprus&#x2019;s Bailout
WHAT are the implications of the huge losses &#x2014; 60 percent &#x2014; that the Cypriot bailout is imposing on the biggest depositors of that country&#x2019;s two largest banks?&#xa; &#xa;The magnitude of the losses, disclosed late Friday and confirmed Saturday by Cypriot officials, has provoked concern that depositors in second-tier euro zone
doc_id: 416
New Disney Characters Make It Big in TV&#x2019;s Preschool Playground
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; Sorry, Dora. You&#x2019;ve been dethroned.&#xa; &#xa; Nick Jr. has long been cable television&#x2019;s No. 1 channel dedicated solely to preschool children. The service, owned by Viacom , had a smash hit in &#x201C;Dora the Explorer,&#x201D; which made its debut in 2000. Competition was also light: the Walt Disney Company ,
doc_id: 417
BITS; The Child, the Tablet And the Developing Mind
I recently watched my sister perform an act of magic.&#xa; &#xa;We were sitting in a restaurant, trying to have a conversation, but her children, 4-year-old Willow and 7-year-old Luca, would not stop fighting. The arguments &#x2014; over a fork, or who had more water in a glass &#x2014; were unrelenting. Like a magician quieting a group of children
doc_id: 418
Straight to the Source
When the founders of a start-up that sells eyeglasses online, Warby Parker, began investigating why designer glasses cost several hundred dollars, they discovered that everyone in the process was taking a cut: designers, manufacturers, brands, wholesalers and retailers. &#xa; &#xa;But what if they left out most of those people? &#x201C;I had been
doc_id: 419
In China&#x27;s Urbanization, Worries of a Housing Shortage
BEIJING &#x2014; Twenty minutes&#x2019; drive from Shanghai&#x2019;s glitzy financial district, dozens of migrant workers are preparing to abandon homes in old shipping containers, as one of the more unusual solutions to the housing shortage in China faces the wrecking ball.&#xa; &#xa;Cheap but crowded neighborhoods are being cleared across China
doc_id: 420
BITS; Dashboard Apps&#xd; Aim to Overcome&#xd; Distracted Driving
SEATTLE &#x2014; Nestled in the driver&#x2019;s seat of a Mini, one of the stylish, pint-sized coupes, Bryan Trussel fiddled with an app called Glympse that allows people to share their locations with others for short periods. &#xa; &#xa;Rather than staring down at the screen of his iPhone , Mr. Trussel&#x2019;s eyes were locked on the dashboard,
doc_id: 421
Tax-Haven Rivals Circle Depositors Of Cyprus
LIMASSOL, Cyprus &#x2014; Bloodied by a harsh bailout deal that drives a stake through the heart of this Mediterranean country&#x2019;s oversize financial industry, Cyprus now faces a further blow to its role as an offshore tax haven: the vultures from competing territories are circling. &#xa; &#xa;With a flood of e-mails and phone calls in recent
doc_id: 422
Treasury Auctions Set for This Week
The Treasury&#x2019;s schedule of financing this week includes Monday&#x2019;s regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;At the close of the New York cash market on Thursday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.07 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.11
doc_id: 423
Beijing Opposes U.S. Rule on Technology Imports
BEIJING &#x2014; China expressed &#x201C;resolute opposition&#x201D; and &#x201C;strong dissatisfaction&#x201D; with a new U.S. cyberespionage rule limiting imports of Chinese-made information technology products, the state media reported over the weekend.&#xa; &#xa;The remarks underscore growing tension between the world&#x2019;s top two economies
doc_id: 424
THE MEDIA EQUATION; Columbia Looks Ahead In an Age Of Disruption
Entering Columbia&#x2019;s Graduate School of Journalism on the Upper West Side of New York, there is academic majesty wherever you look. &#xa; &#xa;Past the lamps with the iron claws and the statue of Jefferson (&#x201C;Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press&#x201C;) lies a 100-year-old redoubt that has trained the likes of Robert Caro,
doc_id: 425
Regulators Fret Over Rise of Trading in the Shadows
Wall Street is embracing its dark side.&#xa; &#xa;As the stock market continues to climb, trading has increasingly migrated from established bourses like the New York Stock Exchange to private platforms, including dark pools, that are largely hidden from public view. The shift is helping big traders hide what they are doing in the markets, and
doc_id: 426
News From the Advertising Industry
Accounts&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;&#xB6;PopSugar Inc., San Francisco, which operates the popsugar.com Web site and a daily streaming show , &#x201C;PopSugar Live,&#x201D; named Goodby, Silverstein &#x26; Partners, San Francisco, part of the Omnicom Group, as its first global advertising agency of record. Billings were not disclosed. People &#xB6;Thomas L.
doc_id: 427
MEDIA DECODER; Tracking Cicadas, With Helpers
The 17-year Magicicada Brood II cicadas are coming, and WNYC and its nationally distributed &#x201C;Radiolab&#x201D; program will be there to welcome them &#x2014; after a mad sprint to persuade hundreds of listeners in the next two weeks to build temperature sensors and stick them in the ground, from Virginia to Connecticut.&#xa; &#xa;The sensors,
doc_id: 428
POLITICAL ECONOMY; A Union That Exists in Name Only
The Cypriot catastrophe shows just how far away the euro zone is from creating its much-touted &#x201C;banking union.&#x201D; There was no euro zone supervision of Cyprus&#x2019;s big banks, no transnational approach to put them into controlled bankruptcy, no common deposit insurance and no bank rescue funds from abroad.&#xa; &#xa;Instead, there
doc_id: 429
MEDIA DECODER; For Martha Stewart, Dessert After a Cooking Program
Fans of Martha Stewart who since last fall have been tuning into her &#x201C;Cooking School&#x201D; program on PBS for advice on how to braise, roast and saut&#xE9; are about to get some sweeter wisdom on how to handle the often overlooked stars of menus: baked goods and desserts.&#xa; &#xa;Starting the first weekend in April, when PBS begins to
doc_id: 430
BITS; The Inside Story&#xd; On Map Services
It appears Apple is thinking seriously about what the mobile maps of tomorrow will look like, not just fixing the maps service it has today .&#xa; &#xa;The company has acquired WiFiSlam, a start-up company that helps to improve the accuracy of indoor maps and other services by locating the user&#x2019;s position inside a building more accurately.
doc_id: 431
Russians Selectively Blocking Internet
MOSCOW &#x2014; The Russian government in recent weeks has been making use of a new law that gives it the power to block Internet content that it deems illegal or harmful to children.&#xa; &#xa;The country&#x2019;s communications regulators have required Facebook , Twitter and YouTube to remove material that the officials determined was
doc_id: 432
BITS; Order Online,&#xd; Pick Up in Store
Following Amazon.com, Walmart will soon allow shoppers to order items online and pick them up from lockers in local stores.&#xa; &#xa;The introduction of lockers is part of Walmart&#x2019;s effort to become a superstore online and on cellphones. It announced several e-commerce and mobile tools on Tuesday at a news event at the San Bruno, Calif.,
doc_id: 433
Discovery Expands Its Reach Overseas
Alana Thompson, the 7-year-old beauty queen known as Honey Boo Boo, has had some mishaps in child pageants in the Deep South, where her reality show on Discovery Communications&#x2019; TLC channel is based. But the chubby and charming contestant and her overbearing parents are big in Brazil.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Here Comes Honey Boo Boo,&#x201D; the
doc_id: 434
Papers Worldwide Embrace Web Subscriptions
SERRAVAL, France &#x2014; Newspapers, once reluctant to try to charge readers for access to their Web sites, have begun doing so in droves.&#xa; &#xa;Across many of the developed economies of America, Europe and Asia, so-called pay walls are proliferating as publishers struggle to make up for dwindling revenue on their print products. Online
doc_id: 435
LOOKING AHEAD; Economic Reports for the Week Ahead
ECONOMIC REPORTS Data to be released this week includes the I.S.M. manufacturing index for March and construction spending for February (Monday); factory orders for February (Tuesday); A.D.P. employment and the I.S.M. nonmanufacturing index for March (Wednesday); weekly jobless claims (Thursday); and unemployment for March and the trade deficit and
doc_id: 436
THE BOSS; Setting Yourself Apart
I&#x2019;M a first-generation American. My father was born in Poland and changed his last name when he came to this country. My mother&#x2019;s family was from Sweden. My family owned two bakeries, and my siblings and I were expected to work in them. I started out cleaning the bakeries and made deliveries for the catering part of the business when
doc_id: 437
SLIPSTREAM; An American Quilt of Privacy Laws, Incomplete
WE don&#x2019;t need a new platform. We just need to rebrand.&#xa; &#xa;That was the message of a report from the Republican Party a few weeks ago on how to win future presidential elections. It&#x2019;s also the strategy that Peter Fleischer, the global privacy counsel at Google , recently proposed for the United States to win converts abroad to
doc_id: 438
Letting Down Our Guard
SAY you&#x2019;ve come across a discount online retailer promising a steal on hand-stitched espadrilles for spring. You start setting up an account by offering your e-mail address &#x2014; but before you can finish, there&#x2019;s a ping on your phone. A text message. You read it and respond, then return to the Web site, enter your birth date,
doc_id: 439
FAIR GAME; If a Fund Turns On a Dime, Watch Your Dollars
LAST October, shareholders in the Willow Fund, a closed-end investment fund sponsored and sold by UBS , received some disturbing news: the fund, which had assets of almost $500 million in 2006, was being liquidated. &#xa; &#xa;With a portfolio that specialized in distressed debt instruments, the Willow Fund had suffered losses of almost 80 percent
doc_id: 440
ECONOMIC VIEW; A Sustainable Budget Should Endure Any Storm
IN the national debate over fiscal policy, an important question is what the long-run goal should be. Representative Paul D. Ryan , chairman of the House Budget Committee, has a plan to balance the federal budget in 10 years. When asked if he would do the same, President Obama demurred.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;My goal is not to chase a balanced budget
doc_id: 441
PREOCCUPATIONS; Why Innovators Get Better With Age
&#x201C;WE need some gray hair&#x201D; once referred to needing someone with more experience. But I haven&#x2019;t heard that expression in a very long time. &#xa; &#xa;In fact, many companies are intentionally reducing the average age of their work forces in an effort to save money. Younger employees are generally paid less and have lower health
doc_id: 442
LETTERS; Freelancers, Organized
To the Editor:&#xa; &#xa;As a retired federal employee turned independent contractor, I read with particular interest &#x201C;Going It Alone, Together&#x201D; (March 24), about the rapid growth of the Freelancers Union. I&#x2019;m the first to acknowledge that I receive a generous federal pension, coupled with a Social Security benefit for my time
doc_id: 443
LETTERS; Sold On Staplers
To the Editor:&#xa; &#xa;Re &#x201C;The Attachment That Still Makes Noise&#x201D; (March 24), your look at the office stapler&#x2019;s survival in a digital age: I retrieved a Bostich stapler that had been thrown away in the garbage in 1977, and I am still using it today. It is a prized possession, and one which is far from humble in its value and
doc_id: 444
FUNDAMENTALLY; Still at a Trot, This Bull May Have Farther to Go
FOR the last four years, market watchers have bemoaned the muted economic recovery, with its sluggish growth, tepid job creation and continuing investor fears. &#xa; &#xa;Yet the qualities that have kept the animal spirits from returning to Wall Street may explain why today&#x2019;s bull market, which turned four years old this month, has outlasted
doc_id: 445
CORNER OFFICE; Want to Know Me? Just Read My User Manual
This interview with Ivar Kroghrud, the lead strategist at QuestBack, which specializes in feedback management, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant. Mr. Kroghrud, a co-founder of the firm, was its C.E.O. for 13 years.&#xa;&#xa; &#xa; &#xa; Q. Tell me about your approach to leadership. A. Part of my role is to be &#x201C;chief ironing
doc_id: 446
LETTERS; Soda Wars, Revisited
To the Editor:&#xa; &#xa;Re &#x201C;Mixing Freedoms in a 32-Ounce Cup&#x201D; (Economic View, March 24), in which Robert H. Frank said the recent fight over sugar-laden sodas in New York also involved parents&#x2019; right to raise healthy children: But Professor Frank&#x2019;s suggestion that &#x201C;we could tax sugary soft drinks&#x201D; must be
doc_id: 447
We&#x2019;re One Big Team, So Run Those Stairs
AT 12:30 p.m. on a Tuesday, the chief executive of Datalogix was spider-crawling across a conference room floor. All around him, account managers and data analysts were thrusting 20-pound medicine balls overhead, while their Spandex-clad co-workers sprinted up and down the lobby&#x2019;s carpeted staircase. &#xa; &#xa;A panting, red-faced software
doc_id: 448
The Chatter
&#x201C;The U.S. addressed the problems of the financial crisis faster and with much more ferocity than the rest of the world.&#x201D;&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;Edward M. Clissold, a market strategist at Ned Davis Research, after the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index rose above its 2007 peak to a record high. Stock markets in nearly every other
doc_id: 449
NOVELTIES; Freed From Its Cage, the Gentler Robot
FACTORY robots are usually caged off from humans on the assembly line lest the machines&#x2019; powerful steel arms deliver an accidental, bone-crunching right hook.&#xa; &#xa;But now, gentler industrial robots, designed to work and play well with others, are coming out from behind their protective fences to work shoulder-to-shoulder with people.
doc_id: 450
DEALBOOK; Toys &#x2018;R&#x2019; Us Seeks To Withdraw I.P.O. Filing
The stock market may be on a roll, but Toys &#x201C;R&#x201D; Us will not be joining the fun.&#xa; &#xa;The retailer on Friday asked to withdraw its filing for an initial public offering . The company cited &#x201C;unfavorable market conditions,&#x201D; and recent management changes. The withdrawal was not a surprise. A year ago, a Toys
doc_id: 451
Some Savers in Cyprus May Lose 60 Percent
LONDON &#x2014; Big-ticket savers at the Bank of Cyprus may be forced to accept losses on their deposits that exceed 60 percent in order to keep the stricken bank afloat, bankers briefed on the negotiations said on Friday.&#xa; &#xa;The more sizable haircut, coming soon after the imposition of tough capital controls, is the latest and perhaps most
doc_id: 452
Ireland&#x2019;s Legacy of Leniency on Mortgage Foreclosures Nears an End
DUBLIN &#x2014; Ben Gilroy, one of tens of thousands who over-borrowed in the giddy property boom that preceded Ireland &#x2019;s economic collapse, has made no mortgage payments for two years. But he says he does not worry that he will lose his home any time soon.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I still deal with my lender, and they threaten with legal action
doc_id: 453
BUCKS; Free Checking Has a Haven
Nearly three-quarters of the country&#x2019;s largest credit unions still offer no-strings-attached free checking accounts, a new report from Bankrate.com finds.&#xa; &#xa;By comparison, fewer than half of banks &#x2014; 39 percent &#x2014; offer &#x201C;stand-alone&#x201D; free checking accounts, which are those that have no requirements, like
doc_id: 454
WEALTH MATTERS; Money Advice for Doctors and Lawyers and the Rest of Us
IN most places in America, doctors and lawyers are at the top of the career pyramid. They&#x2019;re often the top earners in town. And they usually live in the nicest neighborhoods and drive expensive cars. &#xa; &#xa;But their attitudes toward money and investing can create financial challenges later in life. And the years of education that got
doc_id: 455
YOUR MONEY; Rental Investment May Seem Safer Than It Really Is
Investing in a tangible asset like real estate may seem to offer a greater sense of control. You can walk through a house, after all, which somehow feels safer than subjecting your savings to the whims of the stock market. &#xa; &#xa;The idea of buying a house and renting it out may seem especially attractive now, with home prices still reasonable,
doc_id: 456
F.C.C. to Study Phones&#x2019; Safety
Regulators are looking into how radio frequencies emitted by cellphones and other wireless devices affect people amid lingering concerns about the risks of cellphone radiation.&#xa; &#xa;The Federal Communications Commission said on Friday that it was seeking comment from other agencies and health experts on whether it should update its standards
doc_id: 457
U.P.S. Will Forfeit $40 Million Over Illegal Drug Shipments
United Parcel Service has agreed to forfeit $40 million that it earned from illegal Internet pharmacies that shipped drugs using U.P.S. services, federal authorities said on Friday.&#xa; &#xa;As part of the settlement, U.P.S. entered a nonprosecution agreement with the Justice Department. The company also agreed to put a compliance program into
doc_id: 458
Hospitals Questioning Fairness of Medicare Rules on Readmissions
It is no longer enough for hospitals to make patients healthy enough to leave. Now, as part of the Obama administration&#x2019;s health care overhaul , they are spending millions of dollars to keep those patients from coming back, often acting like personal assistants to help them manage their post-hospital lives.&#xa; &#xa;While federal statistics
doc_id: 459
BUCKS; One Number at a Time
I think it&#x2019;s true that if I want to improve my performance in something, I need to measure and track it. As Thomas Monson, an author and president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, said : &#x201C;When performance is measured, performance improves. When performance is measured and reported back, the rate of improvement
doc_id: 460
DEALBOOK; Filing Shows Twisting Path To Three-Way Race for Dell
Though the race for Dell Inc. has narrowed to three contestants, many more arose over a month ago.&#xa; &#xa;Advisers to Dell directors spoke to 71 potential bidders during a 45-day period aimed at finding alternatives to a $24.4 billion offer by Michael S. Dell and the investment firm Silver Lake, according to a securities filing by the company on
doc_id: 461
EADS&#x27;s Newfound Freedom May Lead to Clash With Berlin
OTTOBRUNN, GERMANY &#x2014; Like the farmers tilling the fields that surround its sprawling German offices south of Munich, European Aeronautic Defense &#x26; Space, the parent company of Airbus , is making preparations for new beginnings. &#xa; &#xa;This past week, its shareholders approved a new board of directors and formally dissolved a complex
doc_id: 462
The Feedback Is a Screech
An hour before curtain at &#x201C;Mamma Mia!&#x201D; at the Winter Garden Theater on Broadway, Craig Cassidy, the head sound man, starts his nightly ritual of testing the wireless microphones that the performers wear hidden in their white spandex bell bottoms.&#xa; &#xa;The run-throughs by Mr. Cassidy ensure that the microphones are transmitting on
doc_id: 463
F.D.A. Approves a New Diabetes Drug From J.&#x26;J.
The Food and Drug Administration on Friday approved the first of a new class of medicines to treat diabetes . &#xa; &#xa;The drug, Invokana, will be sold by Johnson &#x26; Johnson and treats patients with type 2 diabetes in a new way, by causing blood sugar to be excreted in the urine. Many existing drugs work by affecting the supply or use of
doc_id: 464
BUCKS; Insuring Pets May Not Pay
Decisions about end-of-life care for pets are heart-wrenching for their owners. That&#x2019;s even more so now than 10 or 20 years ago because new technology and advances in medical treatments have made their way down to pet care, meaning there are more ways to save or extend your pet&#x2019;s life. But it also means more expense, if you choose to
doc_id: 465
DEALBOOK; More Opposition To Metropcs Deal With T-Mobile
MetroPCS , at least you have Egan-Jones .&#xa; &#xa;The cellphone service provider was dealt another blow to its proposed merger with T-Mobile USA on Friday, when a second major proxy advisory firm recommended that investors reject the deal. In its report, Glass Lewis &#x26; Company found the proposed transaction lacking in significant ways,
doc_id: 466
Devices Like Cable Boxes Figured in Internet Attack
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; In the aftermath this week of one of the most powerful attacks on the Internet, finger-pointing quickly ensued. &#xa; &#xa;The organization most suspected, victims said, was Stophaus, an elusive group of disgruntled European Internet users, although Sven Olaf Kamphuis, its spokesman, denied he was responsible for the attacks.
doc_id: 467
Setback for a Private Libor Lawsuit
The world&#x2019;s biggest banks won a major victory on Friday when a judge dismissed a &#x201C;substantial portion&#x201D; of the claims in private lawsuits accusing them of rigging global benchmark interest rates.&#xa; &#xa;Sixteen banks had faced claims totaling billions of dollars in the case, which had been considered their biggest legal
doc_id: 468
Americans Are Earning More Money, and Aren&#x2019;t Afraid to Spend It
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &#x2014; Consumer spending rose in February and Americans&#x2019; outlooks perked up this month, further signs of an acceleration in economic activity in the first quarter after a near stall late last year.&#xa; &#xa;Data reported on Friday also showed a rebound in income growth, putting the economy in a better shape to deal
doc_id: 469
COMMON SENSE; Bad Directors And Why They Aren&#x2019;t Thrown Out
In the annals of shareholder democracy, it&#x2019;s hard to imagine a more compelling case against a company&#x2019;s directors than those who presided over the serial management calamities that have plagued the computer giant Hewlett-Packard in recent years.&#xa; &#xa;Imagine having to run on this track record: &#xB6; After ousting Mark Hurd as
doc_id: 470
BUSINESS BRIEFING | LEGAL NEWS; Insider Trading Settlement In Nexen Takeover
A Chinese businessman and his wife agreed to settle insider trading charges for $3.3 million in a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into the $15.1 billion takeover of Nexen of Canada. The S.E.C. said that Ren Feng and his wife, Zeng Huiyu, bought Nexen shares knowing that the energy company was about to be acquired by Cnooc, the
doc_id: 471
BITS; New Phone By Facebook To Showcase Its Network
8:45 p.m. | Updated Facebook users post more photos, write more status updates and hit the like button more often from mobile devices than they do from computers. So it was almost inevitable that Facebook would introduce a smartphone that put its social network front and center.&#xa; &#xa;On Thursday, Facebook plans to unveil the first smartphone
doc_id: 472
Nominee For Energy Lists Assets And Posts
WASHINGTON &#x2014; President Obama&#x2019;s nominee for energy secretary, Ernest J. Moniz , is a consultant to the energy giant BP and a member of the advisory council and board of trustees of King Abdullah Petroleum Studies and Research Center, of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, among other positions, according to disclosure statements filed with the
doc_id: 473
After Attack on Web, a Shadowy Provocateur Comes Into View
Sven Olaf Kamphuis calls himself the &#x201C;minister of telecommunications and foreign affairs for the Republic of CyberBunker.&#x201D; Others see him as the Prince of Spam. &#xa; &#xa;Mr. Kamphuis, who is actually Dutch, is at the heart of an international investigation into one of the biggest cyberattacks identified by authorities. He has not
doc_id: 474
DEALBOOK; F.B.I. Arrests Senior Trader At Hedge Fund
8:55 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;Friends of Michael S. Steinberg had always marveled at his good fortune. In his mid-20s, he landed a job a SAC Capital Advisors, then a small hedge fund owned by Steven A. Cohen, who was fast developing a reputation on Wall Street as a stock trading wizard. As SAC posted stupendous returns year-after-year and
doc_id: 475
OFF THE CHARTS; As Economy Heats Up, Traffic Backs Up
TRAFFIC is getting worse in the United States, according to a company that monitors driving time by tracking cellphones and GPS devices in cars and trucks.&#xa; &#xa;And while that is not good news for those facing delays, it is for the economy. &#x201C;Traffic is a great indicator of confidence on the ground,&#x201D; said Bryan Mistele, the chief
doc_id: 476
Survey Highlights Data Theft Concerns for U.S. Companies in China
BEIJING &#x2014; A quarter of companies that are members of a leading U.S. business lobby in China have been victims of data theft, a report by the group said Friday, as ties between Beijing and Washington have become increasingly strained over the threat of cyberattacks.&#xa; &#xa;Twenty-six percent of the members who responded to an annual survey
doc_id: 477
Amazon to Buy Social Site Dedicated to Sharing Books
Amazon , the dominant online bookseller, said late Thursday that it would buy Goodreads , the most visited social media site built around sharing books. The companies did not disclose a purchase price or other conditions of the sale, which will close in the next quarter.&#xa; &#xa;With bookstores closing, Internet sites have become critical places
doc_id: 478
ADVERTISING; A Safety-First Message Aimed at Getting More Youths Behind the Wheel
MADISON AVENUE and the automotive industry are fretting over a growing trend involving the important demographic group of young Americans known as millennials or Generation Y: more of them are just not that into driving, car culture or the lure of the open road.&#xa; &#xa;The shift in attitudes is being spurred by technology, in that many younger
doc_id: 479
In Mumbai, Creating Airy Charm
MUMBAI &#x2014; Even as Mumbai&#x2019;s skyline rises, the Art Deco homes that dot stately Marine Drive continue to be among the city&#x2019;s most prized residences.&#xa; &#xa;Marine Drive, which overlooks the Arabian Sea, is a main artery connecting the southern tip to the rest of the island city. Developed by the British on reclaimed land along
doc_id: 480
Most Children&#x2019;s Meals at Large Restaurant Chains Are Still Unhealthy, a Study Finds
A new study of the nutritional quality of meals for children on the menus of the nation&#x2019;s largest chain restaurants has found that 91 percent do not even meet the standards set by the National Restaurant Association&#x2019;s Kids LiveWell program.&#xa; &#xa;An even larger percentage &#x2014; 97 percent of restaurant children&#x2019;s meals
doc_id: 481
DealBook Online
NO TREASURY MOVE Ruth Porat, Morgan Stanley&#x2019;s chief financial officer, has told the White House that she wants her name withdrawn as a candidate for deputy Treasury secretary, according to people familiar with her plans but not authorized to speak on the record. Ms. Porat, above, decided to take her name out of the running in part because
doc_id: 482
MEDIA DECODER; CNN Chooses a Co-Host For Its Morning Show
In his search for a new morning television host that lasted months, the new head of CNN, Jeffrey Zucker , considered dozens of names, some boldface and some unknown. It wasn&#x2019;t until he paired Christopher Cuomo, the former ABC anchor he hired in January, with a young Washington correspondent named Kate Bolduan that he thought he had a perfect
doc_id: 483
Monte Dei Paschi Announces &#x20ac;3.2 Billion Loss for 2012
ROME &#x2014; The ailing lender Monte dei Paschi di Siena said Thursday that it had lost nearly &#x20AC;3.2 billion in 2012, an improvement from the &#x20AC;4.7 billion it lost in 2011, but still worse than analysts had expected. &#xa; &#xa;The bank blamed a difficult Italian economy, as well as its own internal problems, which its new managers
doc_id: 484
Oil Giants Invest Heavily in Exploration Near Shetlands
LONDON &#x2014; BP and three other oil giants said Thursday that they would begin a new round of drilling in a remote area about 75 kilometers west of the Shetland Islands, an archipelago north of Scotland.&#xa; &#xa;The partners plan to drill at least five new wells over two years at a cost of about $100 million each on a project they are calling
doc_id: 485
Sprint Nears A U.S. Deal To Restrict China Gear
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Seeking to address national security concerns, Sprint Nextel and SoftBank , its Japanese suitor, are expected to enter an agreement with American law enforcement officials that will restrict the combined company&#x2019;s ability to pick suppliers for its telecommunications equipment and systems, government officials said on
doc_id: 486
Growth in Developed Countries to Accelerate in First Half, O.E.C.D. Says
PARIS &#x2014; Economic growth among developed nations is likely to accelerate in the first half of this year as strength in the United States and Japan help to compensate for the continuing malaise in Europe, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said Thursday.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;The global economy weakened in late 2012 but the
doc_id: 487
New York Court Upholds Sales Tax for Online Retailers
New York&#x2019;s highest court rejected arguments Thursday by two Internet retailers that they should be exempt from collecting state sales tax.&#xa; &#xa; Amazon.com , the biggest online store, and its much smaller competitor Overstock.com had separately sued to challenge a 2008 state law that required online retailers to collect sales taxes on
doc_id: 488
Cyberattacks Seem Meant to Destroy, Not Just Disrupt
American Express customers trying to gain access to their online accounts Thursday were met with blank screens or an ominous ancient type face. The company confirmed that its Web site had come under attack. &#xa; &#xa;The assault, which took American Express offline for two hours, was the latest in an intensifying campaign of unusually powerful
doc_id: 489
Plan to Limit Public Data on Directors Put on Hold
HONG KONG &#x2014; The Hong Kong government said late Thursday, just before the start of a four-day Easter public holiday, that it had put on hold its plans to block public access to residential address information and the identity card numbers or passport numbers of company directors.&#xa; &#xa;The decision by the Financial Services and Treasury
doc_id: 490
E.P.A. Plans Stricter Limit For Sulfur Level in Gasoline
WASHINGTON &#x2014; The Environmental Protection Agency will propose a rule on Friday that will cut the amount of sulfur allowed in gasoline by two-thirds to improve the performance of the catalytic converters in engines that fight smog, the agency has told refiners and clean-air advocates.&#xa; &#xa;The proposal has been ready for about 15 months
doc_id: 491
Riding Wave of Popularity, Craft Brewers Ask Congress for a Tax Cut
WASHINGTON &#x2014; They came to an opening night beer blast at the National Air and Space Museum, 4,000 strong in baseball caps and T-shirts, to look at the Wright Brothers&#x2019; airplane and drink Citizen by DC Brau , which also makes a wryly named hometown brew, Corruption.&#xa; &#xa;Craft beer brewers marched on Washington this week for their
doc_id: 492
Thailand Set to Sell Off Huge Stockpile of Rice
SUPHAN BURI, THAILAND &#x2014; Thailand is set to sell 500,000 metric tons of rice on world markets at a loss as it scrambles to offload a record stockpile deteriorating in warehouses filled with grain bought under a government program.&#xa; &#xa;The two-year-old policy of paying farmers more for rice than it is worth on international markets is
doc_id: 493
DEALBOOK; As the Pace of China&#x2019;s Junk Bond Sales Grows, So Do Worries
HONG KONG &#x2014; It has an all-too-familiar ring. Investors in search of better interest rates rush to risky, high-yield bonds, raising worries that the market is overheated.&#xa; &#xa;But the concerns &#x2014; which have already been voiced about the $120 billion of European and American junk bonds issued this year &#x2014; are now being applied
doc_id: 494
Economy Grows Despite Tax Rise and Spending Cuts
WASHINGTON (AP) &#x2014; The American economy grew at a faster rate at the end of last year than previously estimated, providing evidence that growth might have accelerated in early 2013 despite higher taxes and cuts in government spending.&#xa; &#xa;The nation&#x2019;s gross domestic product grew at an annual rate of 0.4 percent in the
doc_id: 495
HIGH &#x26; LOW FINANCE; Controls on Capital Come Late to Cyprus
Capital controls came to Cyprus this week, a few years after they should have arrived &#x2014; when it needed controls to stem the flow of hot money into the country&#x2019;s banks.&#xa; &#xa;The new controls are aimed at stopping that hot money from fleeing Cyprus too rapidly. They limit how much cash anyone can take out of the country. Electronic
doc_id: 496
S.&#x26;P. Index Surpasses High Point Of 2007
The most widely followed barometer of the United States stock market rose to a new high on Thursday, exceeding its 2007 peak, while most of the rest of the world could only look on in envy.&#xa; &#xa;The nominal record set by the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index is the latest sign that the American economy is recovering some of the
doc_id: 497
Dublin Bay Area Selling Prices Lift Rebound Hopes
DALKEY, IRELAND &#x2014; Almost every seafront house in and around Dublin has a road or a train track that separates it from the water.&#xa; &#xa;But 2 Vico Terrace, in the village of Dalkey, has direct access to Dublin Bay, even though the house is perched on a cliff top, about 30 meters above the shore. Steps, accessible only from the three
doc_id: 498
It&#x27;s the Same, but Totally Different: An Inside Job in Budapest
BUDAPEST &#x2014; Elizabethtown, a neighborhood at the very heart of the Hungarian capital, is a tangle of narrow streets and low-rise buildings, blackened by age.&#xa; &#xa;In recent years, the Dohany Street Synagogue, the largest in Europe, has had its black and gold domes and Moorish-inspired facade renovated. And the area, which includes the
doc_id: 499
Feeling the Pain Of a Euro Zone Bailout
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; Shaking his head in disgust, Stavros Agrotis, an independent financial executive here, peered Thursday morning at the stock chart of Bank of Cyprus on his computer screen &#x2014; a bright red line sloping sharply downward, before it stopped trading altogether in recent days.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;The screen says 20 cents, but
doc_id: 500
DEALBOOK; Judge Is Skeptical of Deal That Lets Hedge Fund Avoid the Question of Guilt
A federal judge raised questions on Thursday about a settlement of more than $600 million between the hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors and securities regulators to resolve insider-trading accusations, expressing specific concerns over a provision that allows SAC to avoid admitting that it did anything wrong.&#xa; &#xa;In a hearing at Federal
doc_id: 501
A New Channel, FXX, Aims to Extend the FX Brand
In another sign of a growing appetite for original programming on cable television, a leading cable group is adding a third channel to its lineup and stepping up its commitment to original scripted series.&#xa; &#xa;FX Networks, part of News Corporation, will introduce the FXX cable channel on Sept. 2, executives told advertising agency executives
doc_id: 502
A Surprise Quarterly Profit for BlackBerry
OTTAWA &#x2014; BlackBerry reported on Thursday a surprise profit for its latest quarter, when it introduced a line of phones and software to revive its once-dominant cellphone brand. But the company still recorded a net loss of $646 million for the fiscal year.&#xa; &#xa;The financial report provided a mix of positive and worrying news, leaving
doc_id: 503
DealBook Online
TOO CAUTIOUS British regulators fined Prudential of Britain about $45 million for not informing them of an attempt to buy the AIA Group before word of the plans emerged in the press. Prudential&#x2019;s chief executive, Tidjane Thiam, left, was also censured. &#xa; &#xa;According to regulators, Prudential (no relation to the United States company
doc_id: 504
NEWS ANALYSIS; Big Depositors Stand to Gain Most in Bailout
NICOSIA &#x2014; Might the largest shareholder of the troubled Bank of Cyprus end up being a Russian oligarch, furious that he&#x2019;s just lost a lot of his money in the bank&#x2019;s bailout?&#xa; &#xa;That conceivably could happen under the terms by which big depositors in the Bank of Cyprus, the country&#x2019;s biggest, will be forced to help
doc_id: 505
Call to a CNN Host Hints at a Shifting &#x2018;Today&#x2019;
Last week, it was Jay Leno who learned what NBC imagined his future to be . This week, it is Matt Lauer&#x2019;s turn in the spotlight. &#xa; &#xa;NBC&#x2019;s succession planning at both ends of its weekday schedule is causing no small amount of heartburn within the corridors of Rockefeller Center. It is playing out in public view, enveloping two
doc_id: 506
Bankruptcy Judge Gives Airline Deal a Go-Ahead
American Airlines won bankruptcy court approval on Wednesday to combine with US Airways and form the world&#x2019;s biggest airline.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;The merger is an excellent result. I don&#x2019;t think anybody disputes that,&#x201D; Judge Sean H. Lane said in Federal Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan before issuing his decision. But the judge
doc_id: 507
Poland Affirms Desire to Join Euro Zone
With the tiny island of Cyprus fighting to avoid a messy exit from the euro, it would seem a particularly inauspicious time for Poland, an economic powerhouse of Eastern and Central Europe, to be clamoring to join the currency union. &#xa; &#xa;Yet in what appears to be a calculation that he can convince a skeptical nation to give up the zloty, the
doc_id: 508
DEALBOOK; Banks Seek to Overturn Judge&#x2019;s Ruling in a Mortgage Case
The nation&#x2019;s largest banks, facing a torrent of lawsuits over shoddy mortgage securities, are pushing to overturn a series of tough rulings in an important case.&#xa; &#xa;In a rare move, 15 banks &#x2014; including Bank of America , Citigroup , JPMorgan Chase and UBS &#x2014; filed a motion in Federal District Court in Manhattan late
doc_id: 509
An Internet Angel for a Documentary
DUBAI &#x2014; When Amal Al-Agroobi and Hana Makki, two filmmakers in Dubai, began raising money for a documentary on autism in the United Arab Emirates six months ago, they did not get much attention from government or film festival grant sources. They needed $15,000 to start filming, with a plan to raise the remaining $45,000 for postproduction
doc_id: 510
New Problem for Boeing 787 Battery Maker
TOKYO &#x2014; Two lithium-ion car batteries produced by GS Yuasa, the same Japanese company that supplies batteries for the grounded Boeing 787 jetliner fleet, have overheated in recent days. &#xa; &#xa;Mitsubishi Motors said Wednesday that a lithium-ion battery for its i-MiEV electric car caught fire at an assembly plant on March 18. Three days
doc_id: 511
As Sales Rise, Automakers Focus on the Luxurious
With the luxury vehicle market booming, automakers are rushing to fill their showrooms with expensive new models now on display at the New York auto show . &#xa; &#xa;Overall vehicle sales have risen 8 percent so far this year in the United States, while the market for high-end cars and S.U.V.&#x2019;s has increased by 11 percent, according to the
doc_id: 512
YOU&#x27;RE THE BOSS; Processing Credit Cards
I have been accepting credit cards at my business for many years. My recollection is that I first signed up to take them in 1994. During most of that time, I have used my regular business bank, PNC , to process the transactions. When I signed up for PNC&#x2019;s merchant-processing services, I knew that I would be paying fees for the services, but
doc_id: 513
YOU&#x27;RE THE BOSS; Updating A Web Site
Nancy Galloway and Andre Laporte are living what is, for many, the ultimate retirement dream: owning and operating a bed &#x26; breakfast. Their current challenge is figuring out the best ways to attract visitors to their Web site and, ultimately, to a very remote part of Canada where the nearest traffic light is an hour away.&#xa; &#xa;About 10
doc_id: 514
Pinnacle Foods Sets Its Shares At High End
Pinnacle Foods, whose brands include Birds Eye and Duncan Hines, raised $580 million in its initial public offering after it priced its shares at $20, the high end of its expected range, an underwriter said.&#xa; &#xa;The company, which is owned by the Blackstone Group, had expected to price the offering of 29 million shares at $18 to $20 each.
doc_id: 515
DEALBOOK; British Banks Told to Raise $38 Billion in New Capital
LONDON &#x2014; British banks must raise a combined &#xA3;25 billion, or $38 billion, in new capital by the end of the year to protect against future financial shocks, according to a report on Wednesday from the country&#x2019;s authorities.&#xa; &#xa;The Bank of England , which takes over the direct supervision of British firms like HSBC and
doc_id: 516
To Cash In on Gas, Cyprus May Need to Sell to Turkey
BRUSSELS &#x2014; With its economy in tatters, Cyprus urgently needs to tap its natural gas deposits. But opening the spigot will force the easternmost member of the European Union to make the tough choices it has long been loath to confront.&#xa; &#xa;Since the discovery of the gas two years ago in nearby waters, Cyprus has been laying plans to
doc_id: 517
Attacks Used The Internet Against Itself To Clog Traffic
An escalating cyberattack involving an antispam group and a shadowy group of attackers has now affected millions of people across the Internet, raising the question: How can such attacks be stopped?&#xa; &#xa;The short answer is: Not easily. The digital &#x201C;fire hose&#x201D; being wielded by the attackers to jam traffic on the Internet in
doc_id: 518
DEALBOOK; A View Worth $60 Million
Steven A. Cohen is known for his rapid-fire trading style, moving in and out of stocks with dizzying speed at his hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors.&#xa; &#xa;He seems to be taking a similar approach to his real estate. Mr. Cohen reached a deal last week to pay $60 million for an oceanfront property on Further Lane in East Hampton, on Long Island,
doc_id: 519
Study Challenges Fuel Subsidies
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &#x2014; Developing and industrialized countries should rein in energy subsidies that totaled $1.9 trillion in 2011 to ease budgetary pressures and free resources for public spending in areas like education and health care, International Monetary Fund economists said in a research paper published Wednesday.&#xa; &#xa;In the
doc_id: 520
Court Rejects Antitrust Suit In Victory For Comcast
WASHINGTON &#x2014; The Supreme Court on Wednesday threw out a proposed class-action antitrust lawsuit against Comcast , the nation&#x2019;s largest cable television company, in which a group of more than two million current and former Comcast subscribers sought to prove that the company had unfairly eliminated competition and overcharged
doc_id: 521
MEDIA DECODER; Leader of Foundation Behind Wikipedia to Step Down
Sue Gardner, who oversaw a period of rapid growth and evolution of Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia, said she would step down as executive director of the nonprofit foundation that runs it.&#xa; &#xa;In an interview on Wednesday, Ms. Gardner, 45, said she would leave in roughly six months, after the Wikimedia Foundation board had picked a
doc_id: 522
Cyprus Sets Restraints As Its Banks Open Again
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; The Cypriot government on Wednesday announced severe restrictions on access to funds held in the country&#x2019;s banks, hoping to control a rush to withdraw money when the banks open Thursday for the first time in nearly two weeks.&#xa; &#xa;The measures, which are supposed to be in effect for only a week but are widely
doc_id: 523
Attacks Used The Internet Against Itself To Clog Traffic
An escalating cyberattack involving an antispam group and a shadowy group of attackers has now affected millions of people across the Internet, raising the question: How can such attacks be stopped?&#xa; &#xa;The short answer is: Not easily. The digital &#x201C;fire hose&#x201D; being wielded by the attackers to jam traffic on the Internet in
doc_id: 524
Calm Prevails as Cypriot Banks Open Doors in Greece
ATHENS &#x2014; It was not exactly a bank run.&#xa; &#xa;Customers descended on the Cypriot banks in Greece on Wednesday, when branches opened their doors for the first time in 12 days. But it was nothing like the rush to liquidate that some experts had feared. By 8 a.m., lines had formed at many of the more than 300 Greek branches that were owned
doc_id: 525
YOU&#x27;RE THE BOSS; Providing Health Insurance
Last week, we published a case study about Baked in the Sun , a wholesale bakery and distributor that is trying to decide how best to comply with the Affordable Care Act. Starting in January, the new law requires businesses with 50 or more full-time employees to offer health insurance or pay a penalty. Owned by Rachel Shein and Steve Pilarski,
doc_id: 526
STATE OF THE ART; Fleeting Thoughts, Captured By Pixels
In the early days of personal computers, people talked about how great they&#x2019;d be for managing recipes. Remember?&#xa; &#xa;And then remember how that notion, very soon after, was mocked? How absurd. How sexist. And on the scale of amazing things a PC could do, how pedestrian and unambitious. Well, don&#x2019;t look now. But Google , the
doc_id: 527
Chief Who Led Expansion At Hearst Will Step Down
After nearly 30 years of running the Hearst Corporation, the privately held media company, Frank A. Bennack Jr. has announced that he is stepping down.&#xa; &#xa;Mr. Bennack, the 80-year-old chief executive of Hearst, used profits from titles like Cosmopolitan and Good Housekeeping to build the magazine and newspaper chain into a diversified
doc_id: 528
&#x27;We&#x27;re Not Cyprus,&#x27; Luxembourg Asserts
PARIS &#x2014; Don&#x2019;t look at us!&#xa; &#xa;That was the message Wednesday from Luxembourg, which has come under increasing scrutiny as the debacle unfolding in Cyprus leads investors to wonder if other euro zone nations with outsize financial sectors might be vulnerable to banking troubles. The Luxembourg government said it was
doc_id: 529
DEALBOOK; British Banks Told to Raise $38 Billion in New Capital
LONDON &#x2014; British banks must raise a combined &#xA3;25 billion, or $38 billion, in new capital by the end of the year to protect against future financial shocks, according to a report on Wednesday from the country&#x2019;s authorities.&#xa; &#xa;The Bank of England , which takes over the direct supervision of British firms like HSBC and
doc_id: 530
3rd Oral Drug To Treat MS Is Approved By the F.D.A.
A chemical once used to treat sofas &#x2014; until it was found to cause rashes and blisters in people who sat on them &#x2014; is now poised to become a major therapy for multiple sclerosis . &#xa; &#xa;The Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved the chemical, dimethyl fumarate, which will be sold by Biogen Idec under the name
doc_id: 531
YOU&#x27;RE THE BOSS; Giving Wine Spritzers a New Image, And a Second Wind
During the seven years she did product development and design for both Diesel in Santa Barbara, Calif., and Burton Snowboards in Burlington, Vt., Jayla Siciliano attended a lot of work-related parties and dinners and did plenty of social drinking. The problem was that she also had to get up the next morning and work, so during social events she
doc_id: 532
Philippines Manages Its Way to Top Tier of Credit
HONG KONG &#x2014; The Philippines was once the sick man of Asia: badly managed, corrupt and poor.&#xa; &#xa;Years of efforts by the government of President Benigno S. Aquino III paid off Wednesday, when the country received, for the first time, an investment-grade credit rating from one of the world&#x2019;s major ratings agencies. The move, from
doc_id: 533
DEALBOOK; Once More Through the Revolving Door for Justice&#x2019;s Breuer
Coming off a grueling four-year stint at the Justice Department, Lanny A. Breuer is poised to make a soft landing in the private sector.&#xa; &#xa;Covington &#x26; Burling, a prominent law firm, plans to announce on Thursday that Mr. Breuer will be its vice chairman. The firm created the role especially for Mr. Breuer, a Washington insider who most
doc_id: 534
Europe&#x2019;s Debt Problems Stir Wall Street Worry
Renewed worries about Europe&#x2019;s debt crisis weighed on the stock market on Wednesday and held the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index back from reaching a nominal high.&#xa; &#xa;Investors are watching to see if Cyprus can shore up its banking system. They are also concerned about Italy, where political parties are struggling to
doc_id: 535
ADVERTISING; Twitter Posts Lead Weight Watchers Online to a New Spokeswoman
WEIGHT WATCHERS is closely associated with celebrity endorsers like Jennifer Hudson , Jessica Simpson and Charles Barkley , but some celebrities end up joining the program on their own.&#xa; &#xa;Ana Gasteyer, the former &#x201C;Saturday Night Live&#x201D; cast member who currently stars on &#x201C;Suburgatory&#x201D; on ABC, for instance, enrolled
doc_id: 536
CBS Acquires 50% Stake In Former TV Guide Network
CBS announced on Tuesday that it had completed a deal to buy a half-interest in TVGN, formerly the TV Guide Network, fulfilling a longstanding goal of adding a general entertainment basic cable network to the company&#x2019;s media portfolio.&#xa; &#xa;The deal, in the works for several weeks, puts CBS into partnership with Lionsgate , which will
doc_id: 537
DEALBOOK; $616 Million Poorer, Hedge Fund Owner Still Buys Art
Less than two weeks after SAC Capital Advisors, the hedge fund owned by the billionaire trader Steven A. Cohen, agreed to pay the government $616 million to settle accusations of insider trading, Mr. Cohen has decided to buy a little something for himself.&#xa; &#xa;A renowned art collector, Mr. Cohen has bought Picasso &#x2019;s &#x201C;Le
doc_id: 538
SPECIAL REPORT: NET WORTH; Taxing the Wealthy Is Not So Easy
The French have been making the rich pay since 1789. But when a 75 percent tax rate on incomes exceeding &#x20AC;1 million was deemed unconstitutional before it could take effect, it seemed that there was a limit to what could be severed from a wealthy citizen.&#xa; &#xa;Americans were spared an unpleasant fate, too. A last-minute compromise in
doc_id: 539
A Mortgage Practice Gets A Closer Look By Regulators
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Among the conditions imposed on most people who borrow money to buy a house, maintaining property insurance is one of the most common. If a borrower lets such a policy lapse, the lender will often protect its investment by purchasing a policy and billing the homeowner for it.&#xa; &#xa;That practice, known as force-placed or
doc_id: 540
SQUARE FEET; A Sleek Office Building Rises Over Gritty Astor Place
For decades, the jobs associated with Astor Place in the East Village usually involved selling Beat Generation paperbacks on a blanket on a sidewalk or, maybe, inking tattoos.&#xa; &#xa;But a developer is now betting that office workers would like to ply their trade along the short street, too. Continuing an effort to change the look and feel of
doc_id: 541
THE 30-MINUTE INTERVIEW; Ross Adam Cole
Mr. Cole, 50, is a founder and a principal of BAM Architecture Studio , a design firm based in New York whose focus has been in the entertainment and health care industries. Mr. Cole started the firm in 2000 with his wife, Pamela J. Cole, and Brian Spence. &#xa; &#xa;Interview conducted and condensed by VIVIAN MARINO Q. What does BAM stand for? A.
doc_id: 542
Dispute on Spam Stirs Big Assault on the Internet
A squabble between a group fighting spam and a Dutch company that hosts Web sites said to be sending spam has escalated into one of the largest computer attacks on the Internet, causing widespread congestion and jamming crucial infrastructure around the world.&#xa; &#xa;Millions of ordinary Internet users have experienced delays in services or
doc_id: 543
SQUARE FEET; An Investor Adjusts His Ambitions
For many observers of the arcane world of commercial real estate investment, Scott Lawlor became a tarnished emblem for the aggressive investors who poured other people&#x2019;s money into major office buildings at the height of the market, driving values into the stratosphere until the bubble burst.&#xa; &#xa;Mr. Lawlor &#x2014; who famously
doc_id: 544
SQUARE FEET; An Investor Adjusts His Ambitions
For many observers of the arcane world of commercial real estate investment, Scott Lawlor became a tarnished emblem for the aggressive investors who poured other people&#x2019;s money into major office buildings at the height of the market, driving values into the stratosphere until the bubble burst.&#xa; &#xa;Mr. Lawlor &#x2014; who famously
doc_id: 545
ECONOMIC SCENE; In a Ruling, The Legacy Of Betamax
Before Napster and LimeWire, before Megauploads and the Pirate Bay, media companies&#x2019; epic struggle against copying, piracy and generally losing control over their creations can be traced to a legal fight more than 30 years ago over a device that has long since passed on to the great trash heap in the sky: the Sony Betamax . &#xa; &#xa;When
doc_id: 546
In Cyprus, Big Losses Expected On Deposits
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; With time running out until Cyprus&#x2019;s devastated banks must reopen their doors to the public, Cypriot and European officials are scrambling to put in place a set of measures that would allow jittery depositors access to their savings while preventing many billions of euros from fleeing the country.&#xa; &#xa;But the
doc_id: 547
DEALBOOK; Citigroup Is Faulted Over Money Laundering Controls
The Federal Reserve hit Citigroup with an enforcement action on Tuesday over breakdowns in money laundering controls that threatened to allow tainted money to move through the United States. &#xa; &#xa;The Federal Reserve, acting as a banking regulator, took aim at Citigroup and its subsidiary Banamex USA over failure to monitor cash transactions
doc_id: 548
NET WORTH; A Market Shift Toward the Positive
Lee Boon Keng, head of the Investment Solutions Group at Bank Julius Baer in Singapore, spoke recently about current market conditions and investment opportunities.&#xa; &#xa;Q. What are markets telling you now? A. Market sentiments are generally optimistic. The backdrop of a steadily recovering U.S. economy, China avoiding a hard landing, and
doc_id: 549
Monsanto and DuPont Settle Fight Over Patent Licensing
Monsanto and DuPont , which have bitterly battled for dominance in the seed business, have settled their major disputes with a broad patent-licensing deal. &#xa; &#xa;Under the terms of the agreement, announced Tuesday, DuPont will pay Monsanto at least $1.75 billion over 10 years for the rights to technology for genetically engineered soybeans
doc_id: 550
T-Mobile Shakes Up Its Service
T-Mobile USA, long trailing its rivals in the cellphone industry, is trying to catch up by changing the conversation: it is selling the iPhone cheaper than the competition, and most important, customers would not have to sign a contract.&#xa; &#xa;But it may not be enough to persuade smartphone users to abandon the competition. Analysts said the
doc_id: 551
Head of Cyprus&#x27;s Biggest Bank Resigns
NICOSIA &#x2014; The chairman of Cyprus&#x2019;s biggest bank, the Bank of Cyprus, resigned abruptly Tuesday following a showdown with the head of the central bank and the Finance Ministry.&#xa; &#xa;Antreas Artemis complained that authorities rode roughshod over him and his board of directors by moving unilaterally to sell off units of the bank in
doc_id: 552
NET WORTH; No Tax Overhaul Is Foreseen in U.S.
If there is widespread agreement on anything in Washington, it is that the tax code is absurdly complex and should be simplified.&#xa; &#xa;There seem to be loopholes and exemptions to each of the myriad rules, regulations and formulas, and each loophole seems to have a loophole of its own that brings taxpayers back full circle and forces
doc_id: 553
Transactions
Recent Sale&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;$11 MILLION 1834 Caton Avenue (between St. Pauls Place and Ocean Avenue) Prospect Park South, Brooklyn An investor has bought this six-story 1926 elevator building with 83 apartments &#x2014; one studio, 42 one-bedrooms, 33 two-bedrooms, 6 three-bedrooms and 1 four-bedroom. The 93,378-square-foot building sold for 11.1
doc_id: 554
Cancer Screening, Refined
Sophisticated new prostate cancer tests are coming to market that might supplement the unreliable P.S.A. test, potentially saving tens of thousands of men each year from unnecessary biopsies, operations and radiation treatments. &#xa; &#xa;Some of the tests are aimed at reducing the false alarms, and accompanying anxiety, caused by elevated P.S.A.
doc_id: 555
DEALBOOK; JPMorgan Chase Faces a Full-Court Press of Federal Investigations
As the nation&#x2019;s strongest bank, JPMorgan Chase used to be known for carrying special sway with regulators. Now it increasingly finds itself in the cross hairs of federal authorities.&#xa; &#xa;At least two board members are worried about the mounting problems, and some top executives fear that the bank&#x2019;s relationships in Washington
doc_id: 556
DEALBOOK; In a Faded Wall St. Scandal, Lessons for a Current One
Remember Jacob Alexander ? Perhaps you should. For as financial crisis prosecutions seem to fizzle out, his tale is a lesson: not only do financial scandals fade quickly from memory, but sometimes corporate executives really do pay for bad choices.&#xa; &#xa;Mr. Alexander, known as Kobi, was the chief executive of Comverse Technology, a high-flying
doc_id: 557
ADVERTISING; A Top Agency Expands Its Social Footprint
ONE of the largest agencies on Madison Avenue, McCann Erickson New York, is ramping up its efforts in social media to reflect the rapidly growing interest among marketers in reaching consumers through platforms like Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr, Twitter and blogs.&#xa; &#xa;A division of McCann Erickson New York that specializes in social media,
doc_id: 558
DealBook Online
BUFFETT&#x2019;S STAKE Goldman Sachs said on Tuesday that it had changed the terms of warrants issued to Berkshire Hathaway during the financial crisis, essentially making Warren E. Buffett one of the firm&#x2019;s biggest investors without having to pay additional money.&#xa; &#xa;The warrants previously gave Berkshire the right to buy $5 billion
doc_id: 559
Writer, and Bird Lover, at Center of a Dispute About Cats Is Reinstated
Nature can be harsh and unforgiving; so, too, can nature writing.&#xa; &#xa;On March 15, the National Audubon Society suspended a longtime magazine columnist and bird lover after he wrote a column for another publication identifying Tylenol as an effective poison for feral cats. After a 10-day dispute that drew in parts of the journalism and
doc_id: 560
Improvements in Housing Help Drive U.S. Economy
WASHINGTON (AP) &#x2014; Gains in housing and manufacturing propelled the nation&#x2019;s economy over the winter, according to reports released Tuesday. And analysts say they point to the resilience of consumers and businesses as government spending cuts take effect.&#xa; &#xa;Home prices rose 8.1 percent in January, the fastest annual rate since
doc_id: 561
Rising Factory Orders Propel S.&#x26;P. Near 2007 High
The Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index closed within reach of its nominal high on Tuesday, as rising home prices and orders for manufactured goods drove stocks up from the opening bell.&#xa; &#xa;The S.&#x26; P. 500 index rose 12.08 points, or 0.8 percent, to 1,563.77, less than two points from the peak it reached on Oct. 9, 2007, before
doc_id: 562
Dispute on Spam Stirs Big Assault on the Internet
A squabble between a group fighting spam and a Dutch company that hosts Web sites said to be sending spam has escalated into one of the largest computer attacks on the Internet, causing widespread congestion and jamming crucial infrastructure around the world. &#xa; &#xa;Millions of ordinary Internet users have experienced delays in services like
doc_id: 563
DEALBOOK; Brother of a Fallen Hedge Fund King Pleads Not Guilty
5:10 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;Rengan Rajaratnam pleaded not guilty on Monday to insider trading charges, nearly two years after the conviction of his older brother, the hedge fund titan Raj Rajaratnam . Appearing in Federal District Court in Manhattan, Rengan denied accusations that he conspired with his brother Raj to illegally trade
doc_id: 564
After an Initial Climb, Shares Retreat on Cyprus
Stocks fell on Monday on renewed concerns over developments in Cyprus and the euro zone, which wiped away earlier gains that drove the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index to within a point of its record close.&#xa; &#xa;Stocks fell after Jeroen Dijsselbloem, who heads the Eurogroup of euro zone finance ministers, told Reuters and The
doc_id: 565
FREQUENT FLIER; Clearing the Jungle (Barely) on a Wing And a Pilot&#x2019;s Prayer
SINCE I&#x2019;m in charge of international sales and product development at Numi Organic Tea , my business travel can be crazy. I may not have to leave California, our headquarters, for a few weeks, and then I may be gone for four or five weeks visiting farms overseas, or looking for new business opportunities or potential partners. Much of my
doc_id: 566
What You Didn&#x2019;t Post, Facebook Might Still Know
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; Debra Aho Williamson, an advertising industry analyst and devoted coffee drinker, was intrigued by a promotion that popped up on her Facebook page recently. Sign up for a Starbucks loyalty card, it said, and get $5 off. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;When I saw that, I thought, I&#x2019;m already a member of their loyalty club,&#x201D;
doc_id: 567
DEALBOOK; Dell&#x2019;s Ethical Obligation
Leon Cooperman, the billionaire investor and longtime Wall Street denizen, was railing on Monday about the deal of the moment: Michael Dell&#x2019;s $24 billion effort to buy out the troubled computer maker he founded.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Management-led buyouts are a giant case of inside trading by management against their own shareholders,&#x201D;
doc_id: 568
On Second Look, Markets Retreat on Cyprus Bailout
PARIS &#x2014; Financial markets, which had begun the day buoyant Monday after Cyprus reached a late-night bailout agreement with international lenders, headed downward as the day wore on and investors and analysts began to digest the terms of the deal.&#xa; &#xa;Reaction from European capitals was mixed. German officials greeted the deal with
doc_id: 569
INSIDE ASIA; Sea Change in Hiring for India Outsourcers
MUMBAI &#x2014; Indian information technology outsourcers are relying more on experienced workers, while trimming down on the hordes of entry-level computer coders they normally hire as they try to squeeze more profits out of their staffs.&#xa; &#xa;The shift by Infosys and others is symptomatic of a maturing industry that wants more revenue from
doc_id: 570
DEALBOOK; New Suitors for Dell Raise Specter of Founder&#x2019;s Loss
8:43 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;The emergence of two new bidders for Dell Inc. over the weekend has set off a flurry of scrambling among the would-be owners of the embattled computer company, potentially leading to months of new talks. By choosing to continue negotiating with the Blackstone Group and the billionaire Carl C. Icahn , a special
doc_id: 571
DealBook Online
FOUNDER RETURNS Richard M. Schulze, who explored and then abandoned a buyout bid for Best Buy, is returning to the electronics chain as its chairman emeritus. Two former Best Buy executives whom Mr. Schulze had tapped to be involved in a potential buyout, Bradbury H. Anderson and Allen U. Lenzmeier, have been named to board seats under an agreement
doc_id: 572
Companies Get Strict On Health Of Workers
Employers are increasingly trying to lower health care costs by using incentives to persuade workers to make better lifestyle choices, a new survey shows, but what remains less clear is whether a reward is better than a punishment &#x2014; or whether the programs work at all. &#xa; &#xa; The survey , of 800 large and midsize employers conducted by
doc_id: 573
DEALBOOK; E-Mail Points To Overbilling By Law Firm
8:52 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;They were lawyers at the world&#x2019;s largest law firm, trading casual e-mails about a client&#x2019;s case. One made a sarcastic joke about how the bill was running way over budget. Another described a colleague&#x2019;s approach to the assignment as &#x201C;churn that bill, baby!&#x201D; The e-mails, which
doc_id: 574
ON THE ROAD; Female Business Travelers Make a Case for Pen Knives
HERE is what the Transportation Security Administration said its screeners discovered in passengers&#x2019; carry-on bags at airport security in the seven days that ended last Thursday: 32 guns, 23 of them loaded and seven with rounds in the firing chamber; eight stun guns ; a four-inch knife concealed in a suitcase lining; and an eight-inch
doc_id: 575
Skepticism From Court In Drug Case
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Several Supreme Court justices expressed skepticism on Monday about the legality of payments by brand-name drug companies to potential generic competitors in exchange for keeping their cheaper, rival drugs off the market.&#xa; &#xa;Some justices seemed inclined toward a narrow ruling, one that would not create a broader
doc_id: 576
Japan Times Reaches Deal With New York Times
HONG KONG &#x2014; The International New York Times will be distributed alongside The Japan Times, beginning in October, as part of a joint publication deal, the newspapers said Monday.&#xa; &#xa;The agreement creates a combined print edition, in which each publication will comprise one section. It will be distributed Monday through Saturday, like
doc_id: 577
Wood Creek Adds to Music Holdings, Acquiring Concord
The Concord Music Group, an independent music company with an artist roster that includes Paul McCartney, Paul Simon and Creedence Clearwater Revival, has been sold to Wood Creek Capital Management, a private equity firm that has been quietly building a collection of music assets.&#xa; &#xa;The label was put up for sale late last year by Village
doc_id: 578
Hachette Delaying Goodall Book With Borrowed Passages
After revelations that Jane Goodall&#x2019;s forthcoming book &#x201C;Seeds of Hope&#x201D; contains passages copied from various Web sites, the Hachette Book Group has decided to delay its publication. The book was set to be published April 2. No new date has been set.&#xa; &#xa;Last week, The Washington Post reported that Ms. Goodall, the famed
doc_id: 579
DEALBOOK; Sunshine and Tax Shelters
Known for its white-sand beaches and killer rums, Puerto Rico hopes to stake a new claim: tax haven for the wealthy.&#xa; &#xa;Since the beginning of the year, the island has gone on a campaign to promote tax incentives that took effect last year, marketing its beautiful beaches, private schools and bargain costs in an effort to lure well-heeled
doc_id: 580
France Seeks Slower Pace of Negotiations for a U.S.-Europe Trade Pact
PARIS &#x2014; If anyone thought working out a free-trade agreement between the United States and the European Union was going to be easy, France has a message: Slow down.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;We will all win, provided we don&#x2019;t rush,&#x201D; the French trade minister, Nicole Bricq, told journalists on Monday after meeting with French business
doc_id: 581
The Multipurpose Airport
Jim Rosenberg, the head of online and social media for the World Bank, can vouch that some airports offer a lot more than places to eat and newsstands filled with gossipy magazines.&#xa; &#xa;On a flight from Washington to Tbilisi, Georgia, Mr. Rosenberg realized during a stop in Munich that he &#x201C;didn&#x2019;t have this asthma medicine I take
doc_id: 582
Bailout or No, Cypriots Lose Trust in Banks
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; With her wedding day three months away, Despina Charalambous is desperate to gain access to her savings, which have been frozen at the Bank of Cyprus for more than a week. She plans to take out all her money once the banks reopen, even though the new bailout plan for her country supposedly guarantees the safety of her
doc_id: 583
ADVERTISING; Shaving Below a Man&#x2019;s Neck, if That&#x2019;s What She Wants
AS bare-chested photographs of the hirsute actors Sean Connery and Burt Reynolds from the 1960s and 1970s suggest there was a time when an abundance of body hair for men was widely considered attractive. But look at magazines like Men&#x2019;s Health and Men&#x2019;s Fitness in recent years, and the vast majority of the shirtless cover models have
doc_id: 584
He Has Millions and a New Job at Yahoo. And Soon He&#x2019;ll Be 18.
One of Yahoo &#x2019;s newest employees is a 17-year-old high school student in Britain. As of Monday, he is one of its richest, too.&#xa; &#xa;That student, Nick D&#x2019;Aloisio, a programming whiz who wasn&#x2019;t even born when Yahoo was founded in 1994, sold his news-reading app, Summly, to the company on Monday for a sum said to be in the
doc_id: 585
Vice Premier Urges Reduction in State Control of China&#x27;s Economy
BEIJING &#x2014; A member of the top Chinese decision-making body called Sunday for sweeping economic changes, including a reduction in state control, as China&#x2019;s economy struggled with surplus production capacity and risks to the financial system.&#xa; &#xa;Deputy Prime Minister Zhang Gaoli, a member of the Politburo Standing Committee,
doc_id: 586
BITS; A Tech Niche&#xd; In Canada
Showing how quickly an esoteric technology can become mainstream, Mike Lazaridis and Doug Fregin, who together founded BlackBerry, are establishing a $100 million venture fund for technologies that employ practical applications of quantum physics. &#xa; &#xa;The fund is based in Ontario, Canada, which they hope to make into a powerhouse for the
doc_id: 587
BITS; Apple Adds&#xd; Higher Security&#xd; To Passwords
Apple on Thursday rolled out a tool that strengthens password security for Apple accounts: two-step verification, a feature widely available for many Web services.&#xa; &#xa;The security feature, which has to be turned on manually at Apple&#x2019;s Web site , lets a user receive a code on another device that can serve as a second password. For
doc_id: 588
BITS; F.A.A. May Relax Rules On Fliers&#x2019; Use of Devices
If you&#x2019;re sitting on a plane at the gate and reading this column on an electronic gadget, you&#x2019;re about to hear eight dreaded words: &#x201C;Please power down your electronic devices for takeoff.&#x201D; But this time next year, you might hear something very different: &#x201C;Please put your devices on &#x2018;airplane mode&#x2019;
doc_id: 589
MEDIA DECODER; A Magazine Article on Race Sets Off an Outcry
Few subjects appear to provoke from readers as much debate, and anger, as race does. Since Philadelphia Magazine published its article &#x201C; Being White in Philly : Whites, race, class, and the things that never get said&#x201D; in late February, it has drawn a public rebuke by the city&#x2019;s mayor, the threat of a boycott by the local
doc_id: 590
Luring Young Web Warriors Is a U.S. Priority. It&#x2019;s Also a Game.
WASHINGTON &#x2014; In the eighth grade, Arlan Jaska figured out how to write a simple script that could switch his keyboard&#x2019;s Caps Lock key on and off 6,000 times a minute. When friends weren&#x2019;t looking, he slipped his program onto their computers. It was all fun and games until the program spread to his middle school.&#xa;
doc_id: 591
POLITICAL ECONOMY; Cyprus Refuses to Learn From Its Mistakes
Cyprus will pay dearly for its sins. The Mediterranean island has committed many follies over the years &#x2014; and is still making mistakes.&#xa; &#xa;The Cypriots always seem to overestimate their negotiating position. In recent years, their first big mistake was to reject in 2004 the U.N. plan for uniting their island. That irritated their E.U.
doc_id: 592
GLOBAL MANAGER; Attention to Detail Matters
Garry Hogarth is chief executive of Agent Provocateur, a maker of luxury lingerie.&#xa; &#xa;Q. Before starting your career in retailing, you had other plans, didn&#x2019;t you? A. Yes, I wanted to be a tennis player. And I thought I could be. But I played a match in the United States against an American, who was ranked 38 in America, and he blew
doc_id: 593
Eddie Bond, Elvis Contemporary, Dies at 79
Eddie Bond, a rockabilly singer and radio host who once told a teenage Elvis Presley that he would be better off driving a truck than trying to make it in music, died on Wednesday at his home in Bolivar, Tenn. He was 79.&#xa; &#xa;His death was confirmed by his daughter, Lisa Seawright, who said his health had been failing since a fall in 2011. Mr.
doc_id: 594
DEALBOOK; 2 Rival Bids Complicate Deal for Dell
Two rival bids for Dell Inc. have emerged, threatening to complicate or change &#x2014; or upend &#x2014; an effort to take the embattled computer maker private in a $24 billion deal under the leadership of Michael S. Dell.&#xa; &#xa;The private equity giant Blackstone Group and the investor Carl C. Icahn have each separately submitted preliminary
doc_id: 595
RAW DATA; Supply and Artifically High Demand in Mobile Spectrum
BERLIN &#x2014; As the amount of data carried on mobile networks explodes &#x2014; Cisco Systems estimates the level will rise about 66 percent this year &#x2014; countries across Europe are busy selling off their broadcast spectrum to keep the digital discourse flowing.&#xa; &#xa;A recent spate of auctions &#x2014; in the Netherlands in December,
doc_id: 596
LOOKING AHEAD; Economic Reports for the Week Ahead
ECONOMIC REPORTS Economic data to be released include durable goods for February, the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s/Case-Shiller housing price index for January, new home sales for February and consumer confidence for March (Tuesday); pending home sales for February, weekly jobless claims, fourth-quarter gross domestic product (revised) and the
doc_id: 597
NBC Risks Its Late-Night Dominance With a &#x2018;Tonight&#x2019; Gamble
The Green Bay Packers had a long, successful run with Brett Favre until they decided in 2008 that it was time to give the quarterback job to a rising talent &#x2014; Aaron Rodgers &#x2014; even though the future Hall of Famer was still winning games. Now NBC is following the same script in another hugely competitive arena: late-night
doc_id: 598
MEDIA DECODER; Academic Filmmaking for Profit
Venture philanthropy? Social entrepreneurship? Robert L. Bassett, dean of the Dodge College of Film and Media Arts at Chapman University in Orange County, Calif., said he still wasn&#x2019;t sure how to label it.&#xa; &#xa;But Mr. Bassett is finally in the thick of his college&#x2019;s experiment in moviemaking for profit, via an adjunct studio,
doc_id: 599
Luring Young Web Warriors Is a U.S. Priority. It&#x2019;s Also a Game.
WASHINGTON &#x2014; In the eighth grade, Arlan Jaska figured out how to write a simple script that could switch his keyboard&#x2019;s Caps Lock key on and off 6,000 times a minute. When friends weren&#x2019;t looking, he slipped his program onto their computers. It was all fun and games until the program spread to his middle school.&#xa;
doc_id: 600
Pension Funds Wary as Bankrupt City Goes to Trial
Wall Street is taking America&#x2019;s biggest pension fund to court this week, for a long-awaited battle over who takes the losses when a city goes bust &#x2014; workers and retirees, municipal bondholders, or both. &#xa; &#xa;Stockton, Calif., declared Chapter 9 bankruptcy last year after suffering one of the country&#x2019;s sharpest
doc_id: 601
Europe Officials Agree to a Deal Rescuing Cyprus
BRUSSELS &#x2014; Struggling into the early-morning hours to avoid a collapse of Cyprus&#x2019;s banking system, European Union leaders on Monday agreed on a bailout package intended to keep Cyprus in the euro zone and rebuild its devastated economy.&#xa; &#xa;The deal, struck after hours of meetings here, was approved by the finance ministers from
doc_id: 602
ADVERTISING; Ads That Speak the Language of Social Media
MADISON AVENUE is offering consumers a status update on just how pervasive social media have become.&#xa; &#xa;The language of social media &#x2014; &#x201C;fans,&#x201D; &#x201C;friend request,&#x201D; &#x201C;like,&#x201D; &#x201C;social network&#x201D; and, yes, &#x201C;status update&#x201D; &#x2014; is increasingly appearing in advertising,
doc_id: 603
MEDIA DECODER; ABC Asks Fans to Save a Show
The impulse among television superfans to create &#x201C;save our show&#x201D; campaigns for every imperiled sitcom and drama has been co-opted by one of the very networks that shows have to be saved from.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Friday, March 29, you can save &#x2018;Happy Endings,&#x2019; &#x201D; intones ABC&#x2019;s new commercial for the low-rated
doc_id: 604
Foreign Businesses in Cyprus Grind to a Standstill
LIMASSOL, CYPRUS &#x2014; It is not just about rich Russians and Cypriot retirees. &#xa; &#xa;Also vitally at stake in this island country&#x2019;s banking crisis is Cyprus&#x2019;s credibility as a place for international companies to continue doing business. Take Avid Life Media, the Canadian-owned operator of some of the world&#x2019;s biggest
doc_id: 605
Digital Music, the African Way
SERRAVAL, FRANCE &#x2014; The music business recently celebrated a milestone in the form of its first annual revenue growth since 1999, but one region, Africa, was unable to join the party. Digital music, responsible for the improvement in the industry&#x2019;s brighter overall outlook, has failed to catch on across much of Africa.&#xa; &#xa;But
doc_id: 606
BITS; Archiving A Daily Life
As a Dartmouth student in the early 1970s, William McDonough went, somewhat casually, to hear a lecture by a visiting celebrity. Mr. McDonough had little idea beforehand who Buckminster Fuller was, but listening to the designer and futurist had a long-term effect.&#xa; &#xa;Mr. McDonough was late and took one of the last seats left, in the front
doc_id: 607
F.C.C. Shift May Stall Media Deal
In weighing a bid for The Los Angeles Times, Rupert Murdoch finds himself in a familiar role: waiting for rule changes from the government. With the resignation last week of Julius Genachowski , the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission , he may have to wait a little longer.&#xa; &#xa;Mr. Murdoch, who has never shied away from a
doc_id: 608
Popular Demand
The Motion Picture Association of America reported on Thursday that worldwide box-office sales rose 6 percent in 2012, to $34.7 billion. The domestic tally, which includes the United States and Canada, accounted for $10.8 billion of the total. Everyone else was far behind: China was second at $2.7 billion, and Japan, third, at $2.4 billion. &#xa;
doc_id: 609
THE MEDIA EQUATION; In Leak Case, State Secrecy In Plain Sight
Reporters covering the government&#x2019;s prosecution of Pfc. Bradley Manning , who is being court-martialed for conveying secret information to WikiLeaks , have spent a year trying to pierce the veil of secrecy in what is supposed to be a public proceeding. &#xa; &#xa;In pretrial hearings at Fort Meade, Md., basic information has been withheld,
doc_id: 610
News From the Advertising Industry
Accounts&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;&#xB6;Viggle, a company founded by Robert F.X. Sillerman that offers an app in the realm of social television &#x2014; using social media like Facebook and Twitter to connect with friends while watching television &#x2014; named Maude, New York, part of Media Storm, as its first agency of record. Spending was not disclosed.
doc_id: 611
Justices to Look at Deals by Generic and Branded Drug Makers
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Just about anyone who has gone to a pharmacy and paid for a prescription knows that a generic copy costs much less than the brand-name drug. The makers of those two versions of a drug, therefore, usually compete fiercely for market share and profits.&#xa; &#xa;But at the Supreme Court on Monday, the generic and the brand-name
doc_id: 612
Treasury Auctions Set for This Week
The Treasury&#x2019;s schedule of financing this week includes Monday&#x2019;s regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.07 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.11
doc_id: 613
Naughty in Name Only
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; If ever there were a Cinderella of tech, Sophia Amoruso might be it.&#xa; &#xa;In 2006, Ms. Amoruso was a 22-year-old community college dropout, living in her step-aunt&#x2019;s cottage, working at an art school checking student IDs for $13 an hour. Then she started a side project, Nasty Gal, an eBay page that sold vintage
doc_id: 614
As Deadline Nears, Cyprus Scrambles to Devise a Bailout
BRUSSELS &#x2014; European Union leaders convened&#xA0;emergency meetings here Sunday night hoping to devise a bank bailout package that would enable Cyprus to stay in the euro zone and rebuild its devastated economy.&#xa; &#xa;The Cypriot president, Nicos Anastasiades, flew up from Nicosia earlier in the day with a proposal for raising the 5.8
doc_id: 615
BITS; A &#x2018;Freeway&#x2019;&#xd; For Big Data
The University of California, San Diego, this week plans to announce that it has installed an advanced optical computer network that is intended to serve as a &#x201C;Big Data freeway system&#x201D; for next-generation science projects in fields including genomic sequencing, climate science, electron microscopy, oceanography and physics.&#xa;
doc_id: 616
As SpinMedia, Web Firm Aims to Lift Smaller Sites
In the race for Internet advertising, could a few dozen runner-up blogs win in the end?&#xa; &#xa;That is the goal of Buzzmedia, a Los Angeles-based company that owns or sells advertising for more than 40 Web sites that cater to young pop-culture obsessives, like Celebuzz and JustJared for celebrity news and Stereogum , Idolator and Brooklyn Vegan
doc_id: 617
THE HAGGLER; A Winding Road to Benefits From Long-Term Care Insurance
OUR episode about Whirlpool &#x2019;s grudging approach to customer service, as illuminated by the tale of a faulty microwave, prompted more than a dozen e-mails of the oh-you-think-that&#x2019;s-bad? variety. Most were mundane variations on a theme of Whirlpool indifference, incompetence or both. But one stood out. It came from Shira London, a
doc_id: 618
Going It Alone, Together
SOON after landing a job at a Manhattan law firm nearly 20 years ago, Sara Horowitz was shocked to discover that it planned to treat her not as an employee, but as an independent contractor.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I saw right away that something wasn&#x2019;t kosher,&#x201D; Ms. Horowitz recalls. Her status meant no health coverage, no pension plan, no
doc_id: 619
UNBOXED; Big Data Is Opening Doors, But Maybe Too Many
IN the 1960s, mainframe computers posed a significant technological challenge to common notions of privacy. That&#x2019;s when the federal government started putting tax returns into those giant machines, and consumer credit bureaus began building databases containing the personal financial information of millions of Americans. Many people feared
doc_id: 620
WORKSTATION; Grand Exits That Never Earn Applause
&#x201C;I QUIT!&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;What put-upon worker hasn&#x2019;t fantasized about saying those words and walking out the door? Wisely, most don&#x2019;t go that far, at least not then and there. It&#x2019;s fairly common to feel a passing urge to quit your job when you&#x2019;ve hit a rough patch, says Nancy S. Molitor, a clinical psychologist
doc_id: 621
HINDSIGHT; There&#x2019;s A Reason&#xd; For Deposit&#xd; Insurance
FOR all the criticism of bailouts since the financial crisis struck, virtually no one has suggested that depositors in banks be made to suffer along with their investors, employees and customers. Until this week, when the euro zone proposed that, in return for a bailout of the failing banking system in Cyprus, depositors pay a &#x201C;tax&#x201D;
doc_id: 622
The Attachment That Still Makes Noise
DO you have a stapler?&#xa; &#xa;If you do, maybe it&#x2019;s a little dusty in this age of PDFs. Or maybe it&#x2019;s been missing for a while, after someone borrowed it and never brought it back. Or maybe you&#x2019;ve affixed your name to your stapler with a piece of clear tape, so your co-workers know: you take this stapler, you die. Even as
doc_id: 623
The Chatter
&#x201C;It&#x2019;s like you&#x2019;re &#xA0;telling us to just &#xA0;leave our money &#xA0;in our mattress.&#x201D; &#xA0;&#xa; &#xa;&#xA0; Irena Margilou, the 13th &#xA0;person in an 18-person line at &#xA0;a Laiki Bank cash machine in &#xA0;Cyprus last week, after the &#xA0;European Central Bank &#xA0;threatened to shut off crucial
doc_id: 624
ECONOMIC VIEW; Mixing Freedoms In a 32-Ounce Soda
ON narrow technical grounds, a New York State court recently rejected Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg &#x2019;s proposed curbs on large sodas and other sugary drinks. The ruling is being appealed, but many people who viewed the proposal as a step down a slippery slope to a nanny state were quick to celebrate the court&#x2019;s move. &#xa; &#xa;Beyond
doc_id: 625
LETTERS; JPMorgan&#x2019;s Trading Loss
To the Editor:&#xa; &#xa;Gretchen Morgenson has a superb record of reporting on the banking system, but I take issue with &#x201C;JPMorgan&#x2019;s Follies, for All to See&#x201D; (Fair Game, March 17), which described a Senate subcommittee report criticizing the bank&#x2019;s 2012 trading loss. Why should the public be worried about that loss in a
doc_id: 626
STRATEGIES; How To Unlock That Stashed Foreign Cash
HERE&#x2019;S a novel way to drive up a company&#x2019;s share price: Pay billions of dollars in additional taxes. &#xa; &#xa;Deliberately bloating your own tax bill isn&#x2019;t a common strategy, of course. To the contrary, an army of lawyers, accountants, lobbyists and executives is at work throughout corporate America, finding legal ways to
doc_id: 627
LETTERS; Supplements and Sellers
To the Editor:&#xa; &#xa;Re &#x201C;Is the Seller to Blame?&#x201D; (March 17), which described how both the maker and the retailer of a workout supplement were being sued by the parents of a soldier who died after using the product: At the grocery store, I don&#x2019;t hold the produce clerk responsible for the quality of broccoli if all he did
doc_id: 628
Correction
An article last Sunday about a workout supplement containing the stimulant DMAA referred incorrectly to a 1950 recommendation by a council of the American Medical Association about DMAA&#x2019;s use as an inhaled drug for nasal congestion. The council recommended discontinuing the drug&#x2019;s use in patients who experienced side effects like
doc_id: 629
THE BOSS; Answering Calls to Serve
MY father, who was born and raised in Panama, became an American citizen by joining the Army when the United States operated the Panama Canal. He moved to the United States in the early 1950s, attended Howard University, met my mother and became a successful architect. &#xa; &#xa;I grew up in Rockville, Md., and had a newspaper route as a child.
doc_id: 630
CORNER OFFICE; A Boss&#x2019;s Challenge:&#xd; Have Everyone&#xd; Join the &#x2018;In&#x2019; Group
This interview with David Rock, director of the NeuroLeadership Institute , was conducted and edited by Adam Bryant.&#xa;&#xa; &#xa; &#xa; Q. You&#x2019;ve developed an acronym &#x2014; SCARF &#x2014; to better explain people&#x2019;s behavior, particularly at work. Can you explain it? A. It&#x2019;s really a summary of what motivates us, the
doc_id: 631
FAIR GAME; Mortgages&#x2019; Future Looks Too Much Like the Past
IN a perfect world, policy makers, legislators and concerned Americans would have spent the last few years conducting an honest dialogue about two important issues: how to resolve Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the government-owned mortgage finance giants, and how to create a housing finance system that would serve borrowers without imperiling
doc_id: 632
Plan for Bailout&#xd; Is Reworked,&#xd; But Key Lenders&#xd; Show Skepticism
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; Lawmakers took steps late Friday to revise a formula for obtaining a bailout of Cyprus&#x2019;s banks but faced strong signals that the plan would not pass muster with international lenders.&#xa; &#xa;The Parliament put off until later this weekend a vote on a crucial new proposal that would confiscate 22 to 25 percent of
doc_id: 633
Fitch Puts British Debt on Review for Downgrade
LONDON &#x2014; Britain&#x2019;s economic troubles took a turn for the worse on Friday as Fitch Ratings came a step closer to becoming the second agency to strip the country of its triple-A investment grade.&#xa; &#xa;Fitch put the debt on watch for a possible downgrade just days after the release of gloomy government economic data. The figures
doc_id: 634
BUSINESS BRIEFING | RESTAURANTS; Income Drops at Darden, but Not as Far as Expected
Darden Restaurants &#x2019; income fell 18 percent in its most recent quarter as it dealt with soft sales at Red Lobster, but the performance still beat Wall Street&#x2019;s expectations. The company said on Friday that sales at its Olive Garden, Red Lobster and LongHorn Steakhouse restaurants open at least a year fell a combined 4.6 percent.
doc_id: 635
BP Proposes Buying Back $8 Billion Worth of Stock
LONDON &#x2014; BP , the British oil company, announced on Friday that it intended to buy back as much as $8 billion worth of its stock to return cash to shareholders after closing the sale of its 50 percent stake in a Russian joint venture.&#xa; &#xa;The company completed the sale of its stake in the venture, TNK-BP , to Rosneft , the Russian
doc_id: 636
Digitally Aided Education, Using the Students&#x2019; Own Electronic Gear
Educators and policy makers continue to debate whether computers are a good teaching tool. But a growing number of schools are adopting a new, even more controversial approach: asking students to bring their own smartphones, tablets, laptops and even their video game players to class.&#xa; &#xa;Officials at the schools say the students&#x2019; own
doc_id: 637
BUCKS; Shortfall Fears&#xd; On Retirement
Americans remain uneasy about their retirement finances despite a brightening economic outlook &#x2014; perhaps because it is dawning on them just how much they have to save, a long-running survey finds.&#xa; &#xa;The percentage of workers who are confident about having enough money for a &#x201C;comfortable&#x201D; retirement is unchanged from the
doc_id: 638
OFF THE CHARTS; Housing, Ailing for Years,&#xd; Starts to Recuperate
THE first couple of years of economic recovery after the Great Recession were notable for one no-show.&#xa; &#xa;The housing industry made no contribution at all. Now it appears that industry is finally starting to recover. Housing starts are rising at a rapid rate, albeit from a very low level. And last year, residential construction spending,
doc_id: 639
YOUR MONEY; However Justices Rule, Issues Remain
If the Supreme Court strikes down the law that defines marriage as between one man and one woman, same-sex couples across the country will undoubtedly gain access to a broad range of federal benefits. &#xa; &#xa;But a victory for gay rights in either of the two monumental cases being presented to the justices next week will not necessarily resolve
doc_id: 640
DEALBOOK; Falling Value Of Cargo Ships Worries Europe
FRANKFURT &#x2014; Can a ship float and be underwater at the same time? If it has been financed by a European bank, the answer may be yes.&#xa; &#xa;A glut of ships, and slack demand for shipping in the weak global economy, have reduced the value of cargo ships. According to some estimates, as many as half the cargo carriers on the high seas today
doc_id: 641
DEALBOOK; Bausch &#x26; Lomb Plans New Share Offering
Bausch &#x26; Lomb , the eye-care company primarily owned by Warburg Pincus, filed documents on Friday to go public again.&#xa; &#xa;The company said in the registration filing that Warburg Pincus would continue to own a majority of the stock after the offering. A Bausch &#x26; Lomb spokesman on Friday declined to comment on the size of the
doc_id: 642
BUCKS; Using Cards&#xd; For Car Debt
The credit card site CardHub.com recently reviewed current zero-balance credit card transfer offers and found that many cards let consumers transfer all sorts of debt &#x2014; not just credit card debt &#x2014; onto the new cards.&#xa; &#xa;The site&#x2019;s founder Odysseas Papadimitriou , writing about the findings for The Christian Science
doc_id: 643
In the Middle of a Climb, The Markets Take a Breather
Strong company earnings lifted stocks on Wall Street on Friday, and investors saw a chance to add to their holdings after declines earlier in the week.&#xa; &#xa;Nike reported a surge in quarterly profit, sending its stock price up 11 percent. Tiffany topped earnings predictions, helped by demand from customers in Asia. Investors were also drawn by
doc_id: 644
BUSINESS BRIEFING | ACQUISITIONS; Reports: CBS in Talks for Stake in TV Guide Network
The CBS Corporation was said to be nearing a deal to buy about half of TV Guide Network, according to reports Friday. CBS was expected to pay about $100 million for the 49 percent stake in the cable network held by One Equity Partners, a unit of JPMorgan Chase, according to the Web site Deadline and The Wall Street Journal. BUSINESS BRIEFING |
doc_id: 645
In Cyprus, a Crisis Spreads
MOSCOW &#x2014; Two decades ago, Dmitry E. Rybolovlev was a small-town hustler hoping to strike it rich amid the collapse of the Soviet Union. Today, he is one of the wealthiest men in the world, with a penthouse in Monaco, a yacht named &#x201C;My Anna&#x201D; worth more than $100 million, and two of the most expensive private residences in the
doc_id: 646
DEALBOOK; JPMorgan Board Confirms Dual Role for Top Executive
JPMorgan Chase &#x2019;s board said on Friday that it was standing behind Jamie Dimon , the bank&#x2019;s chairman and chief executive, in the face of calls from some investors that the two jobs be split.&#xa; &#xa;In the bank&#x2019;s proxy filing, the 11-member board said that Mr. Dimon should continue to hold both positions, as he has since
doc_id: 647
Idea of Medicare Payments That Vary By Region Gets Little Support in Study
Medicare should not adjust payments on a broad regional basis to reward hospitals and doctors that spend less to achieve high-quality care, an interim report issued Friday by the Institute of Medicine concluded.&#xa; &#xa;The report&#x2019;s authors, who include prominent health policy experts, doctors and consumer advocates, were responding to the
doc_id: 648
BUCKS; Filing Student Loan Complaints
Borrowers who run into trouble with their federal student loans should have an easier time filing complaints about private collection agencies that work under contract to the government, a new report says.&#xa; &#xa;The report from the nonprofit National Consumer Law Center said the Education Department has made significant changes to its Web site
doc_id: 649
SHORTCUTS; In Mindfulness, a Method to Sharpen Focus and Open Minds
LIKE most people, I have my share of tension and anxiety. And I&#x2019;m happy to find ways to cope that don&#x2019;t involve illegal drugs. So when the term mindfulness began cropping up everywhere, I became intrigued.&#xa; &#xa;Elementary school students practice it. Doctors practice it &#x2014; and their patients. Prisoners practice it.
doc_id: 650
BUSINESS BRIEFING | RETAILING; Small Gain in Profit at Tiffany Still Tops Forecasts
Tiffany said on Friday that its income edged up less than 1 percent in its most recent quarter, but it still beat Wall Street predictions as strong customer demand in Asia offset weakness in the United States. The company also offered an annual sales outlook that topped analysts&#x2019; estimates. For the quarter, Tiffany earned $179.6 million, or
doc_id: 651
PPR to Show Breton Roots With Rebranding as Kering
PARIS &#x2014; PPR is on the way out. The Paris luxury group, whose stable of brands includes Gucci, Balenciaga and Puma, said on Friday that it was changing its name to Kering.&#xa; &#xa;Kering is pronounced &#x201C;caring,&#x201D; according to Fran&#xE7;ois-Henri Pinault, the chairman and chief executive of the family-controlled company.
doc_id: 652
Backer of an Open Internet Steps Down as F.C.C. Chief
The resignation on Friday of Julius Genachowskiafter four years as chairman of the Federal Communications Commission again raises a thorny issue forPresident Obama: whether it will be possible to get the F.C.C. or Congress to help him fulfill a campaign promise to guarantee that the Internet remains free and open to businesses and users.&#xa;
doc_id: 653
Recall Is an Expensive Setback for a Maker of Yoga Pants
Even novice shoppers know to wiggle around in a pair of pants before you buy them. But that was a lesson that Lululemon Athletica overlooked when it stocked too-sheer yoga pants, leading to a product recall, an expected hit of around $60 million in lost sales, and the risk that Lululemon &#x2014; a widely envied retailer &#x2014; has at last given
doc_id: 654
Manufacturing in China Picks Up in March
HONG KONG &#x2014; Manufacturing activity in China has perked up in March after a lull during the Lunar New Year holiday in February, underlining that China&#x2019;s economy appears on track for solid &#x2014; but not sizzling &#x2014; growth this year.&#xa; &#xa;A closely watched index of sentiment in the vast Chinese manufacturing sector,
doc_id: 655
Microsoft Releases Report on Law Enforcement Requests
Microsoft disclosed for the first time on Thursday the number of requests it had received from government law enforcement agencies for data on its hundreds of millions of customers around the world, joining the ranks of Google , Twitter and other Web businesses that publish so-called transparency reports.&#xa; &#xa; The report , which Microsoft
doc_id: 656
NEWS ANALYSIS; An Exit From the Euro by CyprusWould Hurt Its Citizens, but Little Affect Europe
A Cyprus exit from the euro union, if it comes to that, would have a devastating effect on the country&#x2019;s citizens, who are among the most indebted in the euro zone. And for European unity and diplomacy, the Cyprus debacle has already been at least a short-term disaster.&#xa; &#xa;But for the broader financial system in Europe, the losses
doc_id: 657
Global Ticket Sales for Movies Rise 6%
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; Movie ticket sales around the world rose 6 percent last year, to $34.7 billion from $32.6 billion in 2011, as China became the world&#x2019;s second-biggest market for theatrical films after the United States, according to statistics released by the Motion Picture Association of America on Thursday.&#xa; &#xa;The Chinese box
doc_id: 658
Herm&#xe8;s Profit Rises, and Not Just in Asia
PARIS &#x2014; Herm&#xE8;s International, the French maker of leather handbags and scarves, on Thursday reported a sharp increase in annual sales and profits, the latest luxury house to report strong growth. &#xa; &#xa;The company, founded in 1837, reported revenue of &#x20AC;3.5 billion, or $4.5 billion, for last year, up 23 percent from 2011. Net
doc_id: 659
SPECIAL REPORT: BUSINESS OF GREEN; Well-Intentioned Behemoth in the Bahamas
NEW PROVIDENCE, BAHAMAS &#x2014; Less than two years away from its scheduled December 2014 completion target, the colossal Baha Mar Resort rising up from the Cable Beach coast of New Providence Island is acclaimed by its owners as one of the greenest luxury tourist developments yet built in the Bahamas.&#xa; &#xa;The resort will incorporate
doc_id: 660
Existing-Home Sales Hit 3-Year High, as Prices Rise
Sales of existing homes reached a three-year high in February and their prices rose, the National Association of Realtors said on Thursday , adding to signs of an acceleration in the housing recovery even though the supply of properties on the market increased.&#xa; &#xa;The association said sales increased 0.8 percent to an annual rate of 4.98
doc_id: 661
SPECIAL REPORT: BUSINESS OF GREEN; Britain Haunted by Risk of Flooding
LONDON &#x2014; Britons are used to griping about the rain, but a series of major floods in recent years has prompted some to ask how ready the nation is to cope with the rising sea levels and increase in storms that are expected to come as the climate warms.&#xa; &#xa;After Hurricane Sandy exposed how poorly prepared much of the U.S. East Coast
doc_id: 662
DEALBOOK; Brother of Galleon Group&#x2019;s Rajaratnam Is Indicted on Insider Trading Charges
6:41 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;After earning degrees from the University of Pennsylvania and the Stanford University business school, Rengan Rajaratnam pursued a career on Wall Street, seeking to emulate the stupendous success of his oldest brother, the hedge fund titan Raj Rajaratnam . His brother turned out to be a poor role model. On
doc_id: 663
Renewed Tax Credit Buoys Wind-Power Projects
After a deep slump at the end of last year, the wind industry is picking up.&#xa; &#xa;First Wind, a Boston-based developer and operator that was sitting on a pile of stalled projects with the potential to power roughly 300,000 homes, now expects to go forward with many of them. Broadwind, an energy manufacturing and services company, based in
doc_id: 664
HIGH &#x26; LOW FINANCE; Masked By Gibberish, The Risks Run Amok
Can anyone manage a big bank these days? Should anyone try?&#xa; &#xa;Or should we simply conclude that playing in the modern world of derivatives is best left to those whose survival is not critical to the nation&#x2019;s economy, and who do not benefit from government-backed deposit insurance? That question is brought to mind by a reading of the
doc_id: 665
Hockey Gear Is the Focus Of Tariff Cut In Canada
OTTAWA &#x2014; Take a walk down an aisle at Pro Hockey Life , an emporium of the Canadian national sport here on the capital&#x2019;s southern fringe, and a customer comes away with a decidedly non-Canadian feel. Almost every pad, mask, stick and skate is made elsewhere &#x2014; mostly in Asia, often by foreign-owned manufacturers.&#xa; &#xa;Just
doc_id: 666
DealBook Online
BACKTRACKING John W. Peace, below, the chairman of the British bank Standard Chartered, retracted statements on Thursday about the bank&#x2019;s recent settlement with American authorities over violations of sanctions laws.&#xa; &#xa;Last year, Standard Chartered agreed to a combined $667 million fine as part of a settlement with federal and state
doc_id: 667
Europe Weighs iPhone Sale Deals With Carriers for Antitrust Abuse
European Union regulators are examining the contracts Apple strikes with cellphone carriers that sell its iPhone for possible antitrust violations after several carriers complained that the deals throttled competition.&#xa; &#xa;Although they have not filed formal complaints, a group of European wireless carriers recently submitted information
doc_id: 668
Testing a New Class of Speedy Computer
VANCOUVER, British Columbia &#x2014; Our digital age is all about bits, those precise ones and zeros that are the stuff of modern computer code.&#xa; &#xa;But a powerful new type of computer that is about to be commercially deployed by a major American military contractor is taking computing into the strange, subatomic realm of quantum mechanics.
doc_id: 669
O Revelations! Letters, Once Banned, Flesh Out Willa Cather
For decades Willa Cather has been a peculiar enigma in 20th-century American literature: beloved by ordinary readers for vivid evocations of frontier life in novels like &#x201C;O Pioneers!&#x201D; and &#x201C;My Antonia,&#x201D; but walled off from closer personal scrutiny by some of the tightest archival restrictions this side of J. D.
doc_id: 670
SPECIAL REPORT: BUSINESS OF GREEN; Bangladeshi Factories Take Steps Toward Conservation
DHAKA, Bangladesh &#x2014; At the factories of DBL Group, one of the largest Bangladeshi textile and garment makers, tons of fluffy imported cotton are spun into yarn every day, then transformed into fabric and clothes sold by companies like H&#x26;M, Puma and Esprit around the world.&#xa; &#xa;One step in the process happens in the dye house, a
doc_id: 671
His Lawyer Is Writing a Book About Johnny Carson
Johnny Carson and &#x201C;The Tonight Show&#x201D; have been extensively chronicled, including in books over the years from Carson himself and from his longtime co-host, Ed McMahon.&#xa; &#xa;But on Thursday, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt announced that it would publish an account of Johnny Carson by Henry Bushkin, the late-night host&#x2019;s former
doc_id: 672
In Europe, Antitrust Chief Is Pressed on Google
BERLIN &#x2014; With the European antitrust inquiry into Google &#x2019;s search engine practices entering a third year, a group of 11 Web companies sent a joint letter to the top antitrust official in Europe on Thursday, asking him to compel Google to change its business practices to ensure that smaller rivals are not unfairly harmed.&#xa;
doc_id: 673
Negotiator New to the Game Takes Blame for Cyprus Failure
BRUSSELS &#x2014; Did the Cyprus bailout announced in the wee hours last Saturday fail because two central players were new to the complex game of European politics?&#xa; &#xa;The Dutch finance minister, who announced a tax on depositors in Cyprus, suggested as much on Thursday. Under a barrage of questions from puzzled and attention-seeking
doc_id: 674
ADVERTISING; Hallmark Joins Cable Networks&#x2019; Rush To Original Series
EFFORTS to significantly increase the amount of original programming on the Crown Media Family Networks&#x2019; two cable channels are already paying off with advertisers and viewers, senior executives of Crown Media said on Thursday. &#xa; &#xa;At a luncheon for reporters in New York, the executives described how they would accelerate a push to
doc_id: 675
Taking Advantage of Trinidad&#x27;s Picturesque Terrain
PORT OF SPAIN, TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO &#x2014; In a part of the world famous for its traditional gingerbread architecture, two local architects have designed contemporary homes that exploit Trinidad&#x2019;s hilly, picturesque terrain to the full.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I do not think those are appropriate ways of building now,&#x201D; one of the
doc_id: 676
DEALBOOK; A Bid by Blackstone for Dell Is Said to Be Uncertain
The private equity giant Blackstone Group is weighing whether to make an offer for all or part of Dell as a Friday deadline looms, people briefed on the matter said Thursday.&#xa; &#xa;But some people close to Blackstone are skeptical that any offer will materialize. Rivals to the proposed $24 billion buyout of the computer maker by its founder,
doc_id: 677
Waiting for a Rebound That Never Seems to Come
BUCHAREST &#x2014; There is a sense of impatience among Bucharest&#x2019;s real estate agents and developers.&#xa; &#xa;The country&#x2019;s unemployment rate is 7 percent, one of the lowest levels in Europe. Foreign investment in manufacturing and high technology is growing. So why, they wonder, isn&#x2019;t the property market experiencing a
doc_id: 678
Mood Darkens in Cyprus As Default Threats Mount
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; As the European Central Bank threatened to shut off crucial financing for banks in Cyprus without a rapid accord on an international bailout, members of Parliament put off a vote on Thursday on yet another revamped formula. The vote was rescheduled for Friday. &#xa; &#xa;The mood in the streets turned increasingly dark.
doc_id: 679
Teenager&#x27;s Ibizan Dream Is Ready for Next Owner
IBIZA, SPAIN &#x2014; In the late 1960s, when the rich and famous began flocking to Ibiza, Can Sa Roca made such an impression on Vicente Juan that he vowed he would buy the imposing villa one day.&#xa; &#xa;At the time, Mr. Juan was a teenage bartender, hired to work at glamorous parties by the house&#x2019;s owner at the time, an Anglo-American
doc_id: 680
Nike Profit Rises, Despite Weak China Sales
BEAVERTON, Ore. (AP) &#x2014; Nike , the athletic clothing and equipment maker, said on Thursday that its income rose 55 percent in its most recent quarter as a resurgence in North America and easing material costs helped offset continued weakness in China.&#xa; &#xa;Nike beat expectations, and its shares rose 8 percent in after-hours trading. Nike
doc_id: 681
Fast-Growing Brokerage Firm Often Tangles With Regulators
The firm sounds like an upstart Merrill Lynch, the investment house that brought Wall Street to Main Street.&#xa; &#xa;The company, LPL Financial, has 13,300 brokers, 6,500 offices, 4.3 million customers &#x2014; and a growing list of problems with regulators. At a time when many big-name brokerage firms are losing market share, LPL executives in
doc_id: 682
DEALBOOK; Pressured, Investment Firm Is Said To Skip Fees
Score one for private equity investors.&#xa; &#xa;After suffering steep losses in one fund, the Yucaipa Companies, the money management firm run by the billionaire Ronald W. Burkle, has cut fees for investors in the portfolio. As part of the deal, Mr. Burkle agreed to forgo the firm&#x2019;s annual management fee until the fund&#x2019;s investors
doc_id: 683
Shares Fall on Cyprus Fears and Oracle&#x2019;s Weak Sales
The stock market fell on Thursday after Oracle&#x2019;s weak sales results weighed down big technology companies. Traders also worried that Cyprus was running out of time to avoid a collapse of its financial system.&#xa; &#xa;The American market followed its European counterparts lower at the open and remained solidly negative all day. The Dow
doc_id: 684
BP Completes Deal With Rosneft
LONDON &#x2014; BP , the British oil company, said on Thursday that it had completed the sale of its 50 percent stake in the Russian affiliate TNK-BP . In a series of transactions, BP will receive about $12.5 billion in cash and will own 19.75 percent of Rosneft , the largest Russian oil company. &#xa; &#xa;With the sale, BP intended to resolve one
doc_id: 685
EURO WATCH; Euro Zone Economy&#x27;s Slide Accelerates, Data Show
PARIS &#x2014; The European economy appears to be slowing further, private-sector data showed Thursday, raising the possibility that the recession will deepen even as the crisis in Cyprus undermines faith in the future of currency union. &#xa; &#xa;An index of euro zone purchasing managers by Markit Economics fell in March to 46.5 from 47.9 in
doc_id: 686
CASE STUDY; Questions Abound In Learning to Adjust To Health Care Overhaul
Baked in the Sun is a wholesale baker and distributor of freshly baked pastries near San Diego.&#xa; &#xa;THE CHALLENGE The company is one of thousands of small businesses that employ more than 50 full-time employees and thus will be required to offer health insurance to their workers &#x2014; or pay into a government fund &#x2014; beginning Jan.
doc_id: 687
As Men Lose Economic Ground, Clues Are Seen in Changing Families
WASHINGTON &#x2014; The decline of two-parent households may be a significant reason for the divergent fortunes of male workers, whose earnings generally declined in recent decades, and female workers, whose earnings generally increased, a prominent labor economist argues in a new survey of existing research.&#xa; &#xa; David H. Autor , a professor
doc_id: 688
In Cyprus, A New Plan To End Crisis
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; Scrambling to placate international lenders, Cyprus late Wednesday proposed to nationalize pension funds from state-run companies and conduct an emergency bond sale to help raise the &#x20AC;5.8 billion the indebted country needs to secure a bailout.&#xa; &#xa;The proposals are meant to sharply reduce the amount of money
doc_id: 689
GREEN COLUMN; Rescuing Toads From Traffic
LONDON &#x2014; It&#x2019;s 7 o&#x2019;clock on Saturday evening in the London borough of Richmond upon Thames. Diane Slater and her friend Jon Fray pull on boots, yellow safety vests and rubber gloves and pick up powerful flashlights and big, white buckets. &#xa; &#xa;They are going on toad patrol, as they do almost every evening for six weeks
doc_id: 690
ADVERTISING; Reaching Those on the Wrong Side of the Digital Divide
THE Advertising Council and Connect2Compete, a nonprofit group whose goal is to eliminate the digital divide in the United States, are introducing a public service campaign to help those who are not digitally literate find free training to obtain these skills.&#xa; &#xa;In remarks prepared for a speech in Washington last month about
doc_id: 691
Britain Extends Target Date for Economic Recovery
LONDON &#x2014; The British government was forced on Wednesday to seek new ways to revive the sputtering economy after acknowledging for the second time in three months that it would take longer than expected to meet its debt-reduction target.&#xa; &#xa;In his annual budget presentation to Parliament, George Osborne, the chancellor of the
doc_id: 692
DEALBOOK; Financial Windfalls for Wall St. Executives Taking Government Jobs
People usually say they go into government to perform public service. If they came from Wall Street, however, their former employers often provide another service.&#xa; &#xa;Banks, including JPMorgan Chase , Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley , all have provisions that allow acceleration of payments owed to senior executives if they take government
doc_id: 693
DEALBOOK; Costly Bank Payday Loans Criticized in Report
Some of the nation&#x2019;s largest banks continue to offer payday loans, pitched as advances on direct-deposit paychecks, despite growing regulatory scrutiny and mounting criticism about the short-term, high-cost loans.&#xa; &#xa;The findings, outlined in a report by the Center for Responsible Lending to be released on Thursday, provide the latest
doc_id: 694
Profit Down 31%, FedEx Cuts Outlook
Express shipping seems much less urgent these days. &#xa; &#xa;To save money, online shoppers and big businesses are increasingly willing to wait a little longer for goods to arrive. While that may mean savings for consumers, it is hurting FedEx &#x2019;s core business &#x2014; express delivery. On Wednesday, the FedEx Corporation cut its outlook
doc_id: 695
Shares of General Mills Rise on Higher Sales
General Mills reported third-quarter earnings on Wednesday that were better than expected after sales volume of its core brands rose for the first time in two years.&#xa; &#xa;Shares in the company, which makes Cheerios cereal, Progresso soups and H&#xE4;agen-Dazs ice cream, rose 3 percent. So far this year the shares are up 19 percent, with much
doc_id: 696
Thai Cabinet Backs Plan for Ports and Rail Lines
BANGKOK &#x2014; The Thai cabinet has approved a plan to borrow $67.6 billion to build high-speed rail lines, ports and other infrastructure over the next seven years, officials said Wednesday.&#xa; &#xa;Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra said the bill approved by ministers Tuesday would allow the government to borrow the funds in Thailand and
doc_id: 697
DEALBOOK; With Set-Aside, Deutsche Bank Cuts 2012 Profit
8:34 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;FRANKFURT &#x2014; Deutsche Bank on Wednesday revised its 2012 profit sharply downward as it set aside more money to cover the potential cost of legal proceedings. Deutsche Bank, Germany&#x2019;s largest lender, allocated an additional 600 million euros ($775 million) to cover its legal costs, a move that reduced
doc_id: 698
Lennar Reports Tripling of Earnings as Housing Market Grows
MIAMI (AP) &#x2014; The home builder Lennar said on Wednesday that its net income more than tripled in the first quarter as new orders and deliveries continued to rise.&#xa; &#xa;The company&#x2019;s chief executive, Stuart A. Miller, said in a statement that limited supply had helped push home prices higher, with the average sale price of homes in
doc_id: 699
STATE OF THE ART; New Reasons To Change Light Bulbs
People sometimes have trouble making small sacrifices now that will reward them handsomely later. How often do we ignore the advice to make a few diet and exercise changes to live a longer, healthier life? Or to put some money aside to grow into a nest egg? Intellectually, we get it &#x2014; but instant gratification is a powerful force.&#xa;
doc_id: 700
E.C.B. to Set Targets to Increase Number of Women Among Its Ranks
FRANKFURT &#x2014; The European Central Bank plans to begin using affirmative action to increase the number of employees who are women, a top bank official said Wednesday, acknowledging that men currently dominate the making of monetary policy.&#xa; &#xa;J&#xF6;rg Asmussen, a member of the central bank&#x2019;s executive board, said at a conference
doc_id: 701
&#x2018;Tonight,&#x2019; With New Host, Set To Reclaim Its New York Roots
NBC has settled on two new stars for &#x201C;The Tonight Show&#x201D;: Jimmy Fallon and New York City.&#xa; &#xa;The network has made a commitment to Mr. Fallon, the current host of its &#x201C;Late Night&#x201D; program, for him to succeed Jay Leno as the next host of &#x201C;Tonight,&#x201D; according to several senior television executives
doc_id: 702
It&#x2019;s Clear to the Court That the Case Is Confusing
WASHINGTON &#x2014; The current Supreme Court sometimes seems to relish a procedural puzzle. &#xa; &#xa;But an argument on Wednesday proved so tangled that several justices said the only proper course was to clear away the threshold issues and decide the heart of the matter. The case concerned a government program dating to the Great Depression
doc_id: 703
Oracle Results Fail to Meet Expectations
The Oracle Corporation on Wednesday reported flat earnings for its most recent quarter, hurt by a decline in sales of hardware systems and new software. The results, reported after the close of market trading, were weaker than expected and Oracle&#x2019;s shares tumbled in after-hours trading.&#xa; &#xa;Revenue from new software licenses and online
doc_id: 704
AstraZeneca Makes a Bet On an Untested Technique
The troubled drug giant AstraZeneca, which is overhauling its research operations, is betting at least $240 million that a novel but untested technology from a small biotechnology company can provide it with a huge array of new drugs. &#xa; &#xa;AstraZeneca will make the payment to Moderna Therapeutics, a three-year-old company in Cambridge, Mass.
doc_id: 705
Fed to Maintain Stimulus Efforts Despite Jobs Growth
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Employment has been increasing at a healthy clip for the last few months, but the Federal Reserve is not ready to relax just yet.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;We need to see sustained improvement,&#x201D; the Fed&#x2019;s chairman, Ben S. Bernanke , said at a news conference on Wednesday. &#x201C;One or two months doesn&#x2019;t cut it. So
doc_id: 706
Housing Demand on Rise, Builders Race to Catch Up
SACRAMENTO &#x2014; After six years of waiting on the sidelines, newly eager home buyers across the country are discovering that there are not enough houses for sale to accommodate the recent flush of demand.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;In my 27 years I&#x2019;ve never seen inventories this low,&#x201D; said Kurt K. Colgan , a broker with Lyon Real Estate in
doc_id: 707
DealBook Online
LIBOR REPERCUSSIONS The fallout from the manipulation of the London interbank offered rate , or Libor, has already cost banks $2.5 billion in penalties. &#xa; &#xa;But that sum pales in comparison with payouts that will come from private lawsuits, according to White Collar Watch. The latest salvo comes from Freddie Mac, which filed a lawsuit
doc_id: 708
Shares Push Higher as Fed Maintains Stimulus Program
Fear of a revived debt crisis in Europe faded from the stock market on Wednesday, freeing the Dow Jones industrial average to touch another milestone.&#xa; &#xa;After falling Monday on concerns that Cyprus would become the latest European nation to stir fiscal chaos, the Dow posted its second consecutive day of gains. Stocks traded steadily higher
doc_id: 709
Chinese Solar Panel Giant Is Tainted by Bankruptcy
HONG KONG &#x2014; It was the Icarus of the solar power industry. And, on Wednesday, it fell to earth. &#xa; &#xa;The main subsidiary of Suntech Power, one of the world&#x2019;s largest makers of solar panels, collapsed into bankruptcy in a remarkable reversal for what had been part of a huge Chinese government effort to dominate renewable energy
doc_id: 710
Monetary Policy Statement From the Federal Reserve
Following is the text of the Federal Reserve &#x2019;s statement on Wednesday announcing it was holding its base federal funds target rate at a record low between zero and 0.25 percent: &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January suggests a return to moderate economic growth following a pause late
doc_id: 711
The Face of Future Health Care
OAKLAND, Calif. &#x2014; When people talk about the future of health care, Kaiser Permanente is often the model they have in mind. &#xa; &#xa;The organization, which combines a nonprofit insurance plan with its own hospitals and clinics, is the kind of holistic health system that President Obama&#x2019;s health care law encourages. Kaiser has
doc_id: 712
THE 30-MINUTE INTERVIEW; Joel Breitkopf
Mr. Breitkopf, 48, is a principal of Alchemy Properties, which specializes in boutique residential developments. &#xa; &#xa;Last summer, it led an investment group in buying the top 30 floors of the landmark Woolworth Building. The developer plans to create 40 condominiums in the building&#x2019;s tower. Interview conducted and condensed by VIVIAN
doc_id: 713
U.K. Approves Construction of New Nuclear Power Plant
LONDON &#x2014; The British government on Tuesday cleared away the last big regulatory hurdle for building the country&#x2019;s first new nuclear power plant in nearly 20 years. But whether construction will proceed remains uncertain, because the government has not finalized financial terms with the builder, EDF Energy. &#xa; &#xa;The plant, at
doc_id: 714
Grocers Won&#x2019;t Sell Altered Fish, Groups Say
Several supermarket chains have pledged not to sell what could become the first genetically modified animal to reach the nation&#x2019;s dinner plates &#x2014; a salmon engineered to grow about twice as fast as normal. &#xa; &#xa;The supermarkets &#x2014; including Whole Foods Market , Trader Joe&#x2019;s and Aldi &#x2014;stated their policies in
doc_id: 715
Transactions
Recent Sale&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;$8.05 MILLION 539 East 87th Street (between York and East End Avenues) Manhattan A French investor has bought this 10,068-square-foot, five-story Upper East Side walk-up with 10 renovated free-market apartments &#x2014; two garden duplexes and eight three-bedrooms. Apartments have high ceilings, oak strip floors and
doc_id: 716
A Resounding No in Cyprus
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; Lawmakers rejected a 10 billion euro bailout package on Tuesday, sending the president back to the drawing board to devise a new plan that might still enable the country to receive a financial lifeline while avoiding a default that could reignite the euro crisis.&#xa; &#xa;The bailout package, which would have set an
doc_id: 717
Journalism Professor Sues Columbia, Claiming Misuse of Endowment Funds
A tenured professor at Columbia&#x2019;s Graduate School of Journalism and co-director of that school&#x2019;s business program filed a lawsuit on Tuesday accusing the university of misdirecting $4.5 million in funds over the last decade. &#xa; &#xa;The professor, Sylvia Nasar , who is the John S. and James L. Knight professor of business
doc_id: 718
Boeing and Ryanair Agree to a Deal for 175 New Jets
Boeing said on Tuesday that it had signed an order for 175 single-aisle 737s, its biggest deal so far this year, from the European low-cost carrier Ryanair .&#xa; &#xa;The agreement is valued at $15.6 billion at current list prices, although Ryanair, like most large customers, received a significant discount. The final sale price remained
doc_id: 719
ECONOMIC SCENE; A Model For Reducing Emissions
Who would have thought the United States would one day be a leader in cutting greenhouse gas emissions?&#xa; &#xa;This is the nation, after all, where a former chairman of the Senate committee on the environment, James Inhofe, wrote a book about global warming called &#x201C;The Greatest Hoax.&#x201D; This is where a presidential election took
doc_id: 720
Protecting Their Own, Russians Offer an Alternative to the Cypriot Bank Tax
MOSCOW &#x2014; When the European Union said it would bail out Cypriot banks by seizing a percentage of deposits, Cypriots erupted. Russian government officials also raged, on behalf of Cyprus&#x2019;s many Russian depositors. &#xa; &#xa;Meanwhile Gazprom , the giant Russian energy company, quietly acted by offering a private bailout plan. Rather
doc_id: 721
In a New Aisle, Energy Drinks Sidestep Rules
Fans of Monster Energy, the popular high-caffeine energy drink, may not notice the change: its ingredients will be the same and its familiar label bearing a green, clawlike monogram will change only slightly. But the drink&#x2019;s maker has decided after a decade of selling it as a dietary supplement to market it as a beverage, a switch that will
doc_id: 722
Charges Filed In Facebook I.P.O. Case
A former candidate for governor of Oregon was arrested in Florida on Tuesday and accused of defrauding investors who hoped to buy shares of Facebook before its initial public offering in 2012, federal authorities said.&#xa; &#xa;The defendant, Craig L. Berkman, 71, falsely told investors he had access to scarce pre-I.P.O. shares of Facebook and
doc_id: 723
Doctors Urge F.D.A. to Restrict Caffeine in Energy Drinks
A group of 18 doctors, researchers and public health experts jointly urged the Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday to take action on energy drinks to protect adolescents and children from the possible risks of consuming high amounts of caffeine. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;There is evidence in the published scientific literature that the caffeine levels
doc_id: 724
Indian Central Bank Cuts Rates
MUMBAI &#x2014; The Indian central bank lowered its benchmark policy rates by 0.25 percentage point Tuesday for the second time this year in an effort to help revive economic growth.&#xa; &#xa;The rate cut was overshadowed by a political crisis when a major ally in the governing coalition quit, raising fresh doubts about Prime Minister Manmohan
doc_id: 725
U.S. Is Said To Scrutinize Microsoft
SEATTLE &#x2014; Federal authorities are examining Microsoft &#x2019;s involvement with companies and individuals that are accused of paying bribes to overseas government officials in exchange for business, according to a person briefed on the inquiry. &#xa; &#xa;The Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission have both opened
doc_id: 726
Transocean Chief Admits Crew Shortcomings in Oil Spill
NEW ORLEANS &#x2014; The chief executive of the company that owned the Deepwater Horizon oil rig acknowledged in court on Tuesday that his crew should have done more to avert the 2010 oil well blowout that left 11 dead and soiled hundreds of miles of beaches along the Gulf of Mexico.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Do I wish the crew had done more?
doc_id: 727
Pace of Home Building Rose At Vigorous Clip in February
WASHINGTON (AP) &#x2014; Builders began construction on more homes in February, and permits for future construction rose at their fastest pace since 2008. The increases point to a housing recovery that is gaining strength.&#xa; &#xa;The Commerce Department said on Tuesday that builders broke ground on houses and apartments last month at a
doc_id: 728
DEALBOOK; JPMorgan Reining In Payday Lenders
JPMorgan Chase will make changes to protect consumers who have borrowed money from a rising power on the Internet &#x2014; payday lenders offering short-term loans with interest rates that can exceed 500 percent.&#xa; &#xa;JPMorgan, the nation&#x2019;s largest bank by assets, will give customers whose bank accounts are tapped by the online payday
doc_id: 729
3 Retailers Settle Claims They Sold Real Fur Masquerading as Faux
The Stuart Weitzman ballet flats from Neiman Marcus sported sweet faux fur pom-poms. The Alice and Olivia coat was trimmed with a dark faux fur collar.&#xa; &#xa;The problem was that the faux fur was, in fact, real fur. That&#x2019;s right: it was faux faux fur. In a forehead-slapping development, Neiman Marcus and two other retailers, DrJays.com
doc_id: 730
SQUARE FEET; Developers Are Making Bets on a Rising East Harlem
Sharon Kahen and his partner Haim Levi are making a multimillion-dollar bet on East Harlem. The developers recently closed on a vacant parcel at 119th Street and Third Avenue where they plan to build a 60-unit market-rate rental building. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;In the next five years, we will invest $75 million to connect East Harlem to the Upper East
doc_id: 731
Melanoma Drug Succeeds in Late-Stage Trial
A cancer drug based on a tumor-killing virus has for the first time succeeded in a late-stage clinical trial, giving a lift to a technology that has long tantalized doctors and researchers. &#xa; &#xa; Amgen , which is developing the drug, said late Tuesday that it had met the primary goal of a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with advanced
doc_id: 732
A Resounding No in Cyprus
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; Lawmakers rejected a 10 billion euro bailout package on Tuesday, sending the president back to the drawing board to devise a new plan that might still enable the country to receive a financial lifeline while avoiding a default that could reignite the euro crisis.&#xa; &#xa;The bailout package, which would have set an
doc_id: 733
DEALBOOK; Dismissing Concerns, Panel Backs White&#x2019;s S.E.C. Nomination
Mary Jo White cleared an important hurdle on her path to becoming a top Wall Street regulator when a panel of lawmakers overwhelmingly backed her nomination on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;Dismissing concerns about Ms. White&#x2019;s close ties to Wall Street, the Senate Banking Committee cast a 21-to-1 vote in her favor, sending her nomination to the full
doc_id: 734
MEDIA DECODER; Actress Can Sue IMDb.com For Disclosing Her Real Age
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; Junie Hoang, the actress who sued Amazon and its Internet Movie Database unit for posting her age, can take her complaint &#x2014; or at least some of it &#x2014; to a jury.&#xa; &#xa;Judge Marsha J. Pechman, of the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington in Seattle, ruled on Monday that Ms. Hoang,
doc_id: 735
Little Change at Close Despite Cyprus Situation
The stock market changed little on Tuesday as investors focused on the continuing financial problems in Cyprus, which offset good news about the American housing market.&#xa; &#xa;The Dow Jones industrial average eked out a gain of less than four points, while other indexes closed slightly lower. Lawmakers in Cyprus voted against a proposed bailout
doc_id: 736
DEALBOOK; Malone Takes a Step Back Into Cable With Charter Stake
10:12 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa; John C. Malone made his fortune by becoming one of the pioneering barons of the American cable industry. Now he is moving to re-enter the industry he largely left behind more than a decade ago. Mr. Malone&#x2019;s Liberty Media agreed on Tuesday to buy a 27.3 percent stake in Charter Communications, one of the
doc_id: 737
ADVERTISING; Using &#x2018;Sponsored Content&#x2019; To Keep Viewers Watching
TELEVISION networks and channels are becoming increasingly involved in the creation of commercials that appear during their shows, hoping to counter the growing penchant among viewers for zapping or zipping through conventional commercials.&#xa; &#xa;The reason behind those efforts to keep consumers interested in ads rather than avoiding them is
doc_id: 738
N.R.C. Votes for Upgrades To Reactors Like Japan&#x2019;s
WASHINGTON &#x2014; The Nuclear Regulatory Commission voted 3 to 2 on Tuesday to require improvements to the emergency vents at 31 American reactors that share design similarities with the Japanese reactors that melted down two years ago. The agency stopped short, however, of requiring filters to scrub out radioactive particles coming through those
doc_id: 739
SQUARE FEET; Renovation Pays Off for a Chelsea Nonprofit
When the New York Foundling, one of the city&#x2019;s largest and oldest child welfare agencies, completes a $5.5 million renovation of its Chelsea headquarters this summer, it will squeeze more workers into less space and lease its top three floors, bringing in substantial revenue. &#xa; &#xa;The renovation is the latest step in an effort by the
doc_id: 740
Justices Permit Resale Of Copyrighted Imports
WASHINGTON &#x2014; In a pair of decisions issued on Tuesday, the Supreme Court made it easier to import textbooks and other copyrighted products from abroad and made it harder for plaintiffs in class-action suits to stay out of federal court.&#xa; &#xa;The copyright case, Kirtsaeng v. John Wiley &#x26; Sons , No. 11-697, arose from the activities
doc_id: 741
Jane Goodall Admits Borrowing Passages for New Book
A forthcoming book by Jane Goodall, the primatologist known for her research on chimpanzees, contains passages taken from Web sites without attribution, according to a published report.&#xa; &#xa;The Washington Post reported the borrowed passages on its Web site on Tuesday, saying that the expert it asked to review Ms. Goodall&#x2019;s book had
doc_id: 742
Condoleezza Rice to Write Book for Henry Holt
Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is writing a book that will examine the creation of democracy at home and abroad, drawing upon stories from her career and personal life, the publisher Henry Holt &#x26; Company said Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;The book will be published in 2015. In a news release, Holt said Secretary Rice would focus on
doc_id: 743
Justices Explore Fine Line on Generic Drug Injuries
WASHINGTON &#x2014; In 2010, a New Hampshire jury awarded Karen Bartlett $21 million for the ordeal she endured from taking a generic pain pill for an aching shoulder. It caused two-thirds of her skin to slough off, damaged her lungs and esophagus and rendered her legally blind.&#xa; &#xa;At Supreme Court arguments on the drug maker&#x2019;s appeal
doc_id: 744
DEALBOOK; Lesson Learned After Financial Crisis: Nothing Much Has Changed
People have learned their lesson.&#xa; &#xa;We&#x2019;ve been told that so many times since the near-death experiences of the financial crisis. Bankers and regulators have flipped roles: now it&#x2019;s the bankers who are cautious and their overseers who are aggressive. Details of JPMorgan Chase &#x2019;s multibillion-dollar trading loss &#x2014;
doc_id: 745
Times Names Berlin Chief And Editor For Europe
The New York Times on Tuesday announced changes to its European operations, saying that Alison Smale would become Berlin bureau chief and Richard W. Stevenson would become Europe editor.&#xa; &#xa;The changes come as The Times moves to create a fully integrated global newsroom. Later this year, The International Herald Tribune, which The Times has
doc_id: 746
European New-Car Sales Drop 10.2 Percent in February
&#xa; &#xa;PARIS &#x2014; European car sales keep falling, and American automakers are among the biggest losers in the shrinking market, industry data showed Tuesday. European Union new passenger car registrations slid 10.5 percent in February from a year earlier, the European Automobile Manufacturers&#x2019; Association said in Brussels. It was
doc_id: 747
U.S. Buyer For BBC&#x2019;s Book Unit On Travel
SERRAVAL, France &#x2014; In 2007, when the British Broadcasting Corporation bought the Lonely Planet travel guidebooks, it drew criticism from rival media organizations in the private sector, which argued that a public television company had no business expanding into areas like book publishing.&#xa; &#xa;On Tuesday, when the BBC confirmed plans
doc_id: 748
Greener Acres
From the potato fields of Michigan to the high prairies of Kansas, farmers are receiving record prices for their land &#x2014; but economists and banking regulators warn that this boom, like so many before it, could end badly. &#xa; &#xa;Across the American heartland, farmland prices are soaring. In places like Waco, Neb., and Chickasaw County,
doc_id: 749
U.S. Drug Costs Dropped in 2012, But Rises Loom
Spending on prescription drugs nationwide has been slowing for years because of the increasingly widespread use of low-cost generics. But in 2012, something unheard-of happened: money spent on prescription drugs actually dropped.&#xa; &#xa;The dip was small &#x2014; 1 percent, to $325.7 billion &#x2014; but it was the first time the research firm
doc_id: 750
ON THE ROAD; Small Knives, Small Risk? Not Everyone Thinks So
HOW do flight attendants feel about allowing passengers to carry little knives on board? Well, I can always depend on Rene Foss, a flight attendant for over 25 years, to get right to the point.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;We&#x2019;re not going to be starting to serve steaks again,&#x201D; Ms. Foss said. &#x201C;Why in the world would a passenger need a
doc_id: 751
Cyprus Bailout Incites Turmoil As Blame Flies
BRUSSELS &#x2014; A plan to rescue the tiny European country of Cyprus, assembled overnight in Brussels, has left financial regulators, German politicians, panicked Cypriot leaders and a disgruntled Kremlin with a bailout package that has outraged virtually all the parties.&#xa; &#xa;In the end, a bailout deal that was supposed to calm a financial
doc_id: 752
Second Thoughts in Europe as Anxiety Rises in Cyprus
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; The lights were dimmed and the doors were locked. But inside a branch of Laiki Bank, one of Cyprus&#x2019;s two dominant banks, a few silhouettes glided about Monday, filling cash machines to calm a wave of anxiety that has washed over this tiny island since European leaders took the unprecedented step Saturday of trying to
doc_id: 753
Market Declines on Fear Cyprus Deal Could Hurt Euro
The stock market lost ground Monday as investors worried that a proposal to seize money from bank depositors in Cyprus could cause more anxiety over the fate of the euro, Europe&#x2019;s shared currency.&#xa; &#xa;The Dow Jones industrial average fell 62.05 points, or 0.4 percent, to close at 14,452.06 Monday. It plunged as much as 110 points
doc_id: 754
INSIDE EUROPE; Young People Left Out as European Social Fabric Tears
PARIS &#x2014; Grigoris Lemonis, a 73-year-old retiree in Athens, uses his monthly state pension of &#x20AC;580 to support his wife and the family of his son, an unemployed cook with two small children and a wife who works occasionally as a cleaner.&#xa; &#xa;Three-generation families surviving on a single income are increasingly common across
doc_id: 755
ADVERTISING; ABC Works on an App for Streaming Shows to Mobile Devices
THE WALT DISNEY Company, while sorting out the future of the online video Web site Hulu, has an app in the works that may render Hulu pass&#xE9; for some people.&#xa; &#xa;The app will live stream ABC programming to the phones and tablets of cable and satellite subscribers, allowing those subscribers to watch &#x201C;Good Morning America&#x201D; on
doc_id: 756
Failing Health of Italian Banks Hangs Over Markets
LONDON &#x2014; As financial markets tried Monday to digest Europe&#x2019;s unprecedented decision to impose bailout losses on Cypriot bank depositors, a second front of fear has broken out in the European debt crisis : the failing health of Italian banks.&#xa; &#xa;The stocks of large banks in the Netherlands, Spain and France led market declines
doc_id: 757
DEALBOOK; Ex-Chief Of Calpers Is Charged With Fraud
As head of the country&#x2019;s largest pension fund, Federico R. Buenrostro wielded vast influence in the money management world.&#xa; &#xa;From 2002 to 2008, Mr. Buenrostro served as chief executive of the California Public Employees&#x2019; Retirement System , or Calpers, which allocates more than $200 billion to investment firms across the
doc_id: 758
Citi in $730 Million Settlement Deal
Citigroup said on Monday that it had agreed to pay $730 million to settle a class-action lawsuit on behalf of investors who said they were misled by the company&#x2019;s disclosures.&#xa; &#xa;Investors who bought the bank&#x2019;s debt and preferred stock from 2006 to 2008 contended in their suit that there were misstatements and omissions in the
doc_id: 759
FREQUENT FLIER; A Work Trip, an Animal Rescue and a New Puppy
I STARTED flying quite a bit for business around 2002. I used to work for a public policy group and I had to go to a ton of meetings. It wasn&#x2019;t really hands-on, and I really wanted to do more with my career. &#xa; &#xa;When I became president of the American Humane Association , it was exactly the kind of position I wanted. I mean, really,
doc_id: 760
DEALBOOK; A Bank Levy In Cyprus, And Why Not to Worry
Never mind.&#xa; &#xa;The last 72 hours have been filled with breathless proclamations of impending disaster after the European Union and International Monetary Fund indicated that they planned to take money directly from depositors with bank accounts in Cyprus as part of a bailout of that country. Analysts and politicians compared the bailout
doc_id: 761
Seeking Profit For Taxpayers In Potential Of New Drug
WASHINGTON &#x2014; With automatic spending cuts cascading through the government, lawmakers are calling for a review of federal policies they say have allowed businesses to profit on government research with limited return for taxpayers or consumers.&#xa; &#xa;That re-examination could be particularly intense in federal science, once a corner of
doc_id: 762
Asian Markets Drop on Latest Euro Concerns
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; Leaders in Cyprus and Brussels scrambled Monday to contain the fallout from an unprecedented effort to force ordinary bank depositors in this crisis-hit nation to pay for part of an international bailout, as stock markets faltered on concerns about the wider implications for Europe&#x2019;s long-running debt crisis.&#xa;
doc_id: 763
Russia Sees Cyprus Plan as &#x27;Unfair&#x27; Plot to Seize Money of Its Citizens
MOSCOW &#x2014; Russians from President Vladimir V. Putin on down expressed fury on Monday over the European Union&#x2019;s proposal to bail out the banking system in Cyprus in a manner seen in Moscow as specifically designed to extract money from Russian depositors who are estimated to hold at least a quarter of the deposits in the Mediterranean
doc_id: 764
Ericsson and Partner Will End a Chip Venture in Europe
BERLIN &#x2014; Ericsson and STMicroelectronics announced plans on Monday to dissolve their unprofitable four-year-old Swiss venture, ST-Ericsson, a move that may eliminate 1,600 jobs worldwide.&#xa; &#xa;Under the agreement, Ericsson, the market leader in telecommunications network gear, and STMicroelectronics, a chip maker, will take back most of
doc_id: 765
Front Desk Bypass
Hotels are changing the way guests check in to their rooms, eliminating the traditional stop at the front desk to speed up, simplify and, in some cases, personalize the process.&#xa; &#xa;When guests arrive at citizenM, a small, boutique hotel in Amsterdam, Glasgow and London, they check in at a kiosk and go straight up to their rooms, stopping
doc_id: 766
DEALBOOK; Man Group To Put Limit On Bonuses
LONDON &#x2014; The Man Group, the largest publicly traded hedge fund firm in the world, is imposing its own bonus cap for top executives.&#xa; &#xa;Annual cash bonuses will now be capped at 250 percent of salary, Man said in its annual report released on Monday. The fund manager also said it would not pay any bonuses to its top managers for 2012,
doc_id: 767
For Attention-Grabbing Safety Videos, Air New Zealand Keeps Creative Edge
HONG KONG &#x2014; Air New Zealand &#x2014; the airline that has enlisted body-painted pilots, rugby stars and hobbits for its in-flight safety instructions &#x2014; has deployed the special forces in the fight to make safety videos less boring: Bear Grylls, a bug-eating, urine-drinking, cliff-scaling British adventurer best known for the TV
doc_id: 768
Airbus Announces a Record Order From Lion Air of Indonesia
PARIS &#x2014; Airbus said Monday that it had received a record order for $24 billion worth of new single-aisle jets from the Indonesian low-cost airline Lion Air, marking a significant inroad for the European plane maker into one of the fastest-growing air travel markets in Asia that until now has been dominated by its American rival, Boeing.&#xa;
doc_id: 769
DEALBOOK; Many Hurdles Remain in Attaining Higher Offer for Dell
More than a month has passed since Dell announced its planned $24.4 billion sale to its founder, Michael S. Dell . Since then, a number of shareholders have loudly complained that the price Mr. Dell has offered for the computer company is far too low.&#xa; &#xa;With the stock trading well above the $13.65 a share that Mr. Dell has offered &#x2014;
doc_id: 770
Electronic Arts Chief Resigns, Sending Stock Up
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; The chief executive of Electronic Arts resigned on Monday, a victim of a troubled environment for the big video game companies as well as of internal missteps.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;After six years I feel it is the right time for me to pass the baton,&#x201D; John Riccitiello said in a statement. He has been chief executive since
doc_id: 771
Fed, to Reassure Investors, Stresses It Will Not End Stimulus
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Each time in recent years that the Federal Reserve has paused in its efforts to stimulate the economy, it has come to regret the decision as premature. Its leading officials say the recovery has been slower as a consequence of those pauses. It is a mistake they do not want to repeat.&#xa; &#xa;When the Fed&#x2019;s policy-making
doc_id: 772
Domestic Drones on Patrol
GRAND FORKS, N.D. &#x2014; On the pilot&#x2019;s computer screen, planted at ground level a few yards from the airport runway here, the data streaming across the display tracked an airplane at 1,300 feet above a small city on the coast, making perfect circles at 150 miles per hour. &#xa; &#xa;To the pilot&#x2019;s right, a sensor operator was
doc_id: 773
MEDIA DECODER; Free E-Book as Promotional Tool
How about this for a promotional thriller: Beginning Monday, on the 10th anniversary of the release of the mega-bestseller &#x201C;The Da Vinci Code,&#x201D; its publisher, Doubleday, will allow anyone to download the entire book free for a week.&#xa; &#xa;The move is part celebration and part marketing experiment, because the download will come
doc_id: 774
DEALBOOK; Trading Hearings Put Focus Back on JPMorgan&#x2019;s Chief
Jamie Dimon , the influential chief of JPMorgan Chase , watched from New York on Friday while in Washington his top lieutenants were questioned by a Senate panel over a multibillion-dollar trading loss.&#xa; &#xa;An uncomfortable spotlight has swung back on Mr. Dimon all the same, as the hearing and the panel&#x2019;s report detailed his role in
doc_id: 775
Google Executive to Visit Myanmar
YANGON &#x2014; Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt of Google plans to go to Myanmar this week, becoming the first high-profile executive from a technology company to visit the country since the West eased sanctions imposed during decades of military dictatorship.&#xa; &#xa;Since Myanmar&#x2019;s military stepped aside and a quasi-civilian government
doc_id: 776
Richard D. Lyons, Versatile Times Reporter, Dies at 84
Richard D. Lyons, who covered science, Congress and the United Nations during almost 30 years as a reporter for The New York Times, died on Wednesday at his home in Charleston, S.C. He was 84. &#xa; &#xa;The cause was complications of vascular dementia, his wife, Susan, said. A versatile journalist, Mr. Lyons started reporting on science for The
doc_id: 777
BITS; The End Nears&#xd; For Google Reader
4:43 p.m. | Updated to provide Google comment on why it shut down the service.&#xa; &#xa;Last night, I went to meet a group of friends for dinner in San Francisco after work. As I sat down at the table, two of my dining companions asked in unison, with eye-opening looks on their faces, &#x201C;Did you hear the news?&#x201D; &#x201C;Yes,&#x201D; I
doc_id: 778
Hacker Case Leads to Calls For Better Law
Matthew Keys, the 26-year-old deputy social media editor at Reuters charged with assisting computer hackers, has emerged as the latest lightning rod in the continuing battle between proponents of Internet freedom and the Justice Department.&#xa; &#xa;A federal indictment of Mr. Keys filed in California on Thursday met an online cacophony of
doc_id: 779
ADVERTISING; A Conference With Dual Constituencies Vows to Improve
HERE is a look at some highlights, lowlights and sidelights of the annual Transformation conference of the American Association of Advertising Agencies , known as the Four A&#x2019;s, held last week in New Orleans.&#xa; &#xa;TRANSFORMATION REDUX? In 2010, leaders of the Four A&#x2019;s combined their two major annual conferences &#x2014; one for
doc_id: 780
F.B.I. Inquiry Over Casino Focuses on Filipino&#x27;s Fee
TOKYO &#x2014; The F.B.I. and Philippine investigators investigating potential bribery related to Universal Entertainment&#x2019;s bid to build a casino in Manila have zeroed in on a $25 million payment the company now says should never have been made.&#xa; &#xa;Rodolfo Soriano, a consultant with ties to the former head of the gambling regulator in
doc_id: 781
U.S. Looked At Journal Over Claims Of Bribery
The United States government&#x2019;s inquiry into News Corporation broadened last year when the Justice Department investigated claims that employees in the China news bureau of The Wall Street Journal bribed local officials with gifts in exchange for information.&#xa; &#xa;The investigation, which was first reported on Sunday by The Wall Street
doc_id: 782
DEALBOOK; Divided Views of SAC Capital Fine
Not many Wall Street executives, let alone hedge funds, could write a $616 million check and remain solvent.&#xa; &#xa;But Steven A. Cohen and his fund, SAC Capital Advisors, have done exactly that, agreeing to pay that amount to settle two insider-trading lawsuits brought against it by the government. Inside SAC&#x2019;s Stamford, Conn.,
doc_id: 783
THE MEDIA EQUATION; Spreading Disruption, Shaking Up Cable TV
The table in the conference room on the sixth floor of the IAC headquarters in Manhattan was a portrait of organization. In front of each of the 10 chairs was a leather case holding a fresh tablet of paper, with a sharpened pencil placed above it, just so. Everything in &#x201C;the Helm,&#x201D; as they call the room, was precise, orderly, logical.
doc_id: 784
POLITICAL ECONOMY; Cyprus Goes After the Little Guy
Cyprus&#x2019;s proposed deposit grab is a bad precedent. Money had to be found to prevent its financial system from collapsing. But imposing a 6.75 percent tax on insured deposits is a type of legalized robbery. Cyprus should instead impose a bigger tax of on uninsured deposits and not touch small savers.&#xa; &#xa;Confiscating savers&#x2019;
doc_id: 785
Treasury Auctions Set for This Week
The Treasury&#x2019;s schedule of financing this week includes Monday&#x2019;s regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.09 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.11
doc_id: 786
Popular Demand
Big news stories the week of March 3 included the death of Hugo Ch&#xE1;vez, the president of Venezuela, a milestone for the Dow, and an arrest in the Bolshoi Ballet case. Yahoo&#x2019;s mobile and traditional news Web sites were the stickiest, with users spending over three minutes a visit, on average, on each site. &#xa; &#xa;In retailing,
doc_id: 787
Local TV News Is Following Print&#x2019;s Path, Study Says
With shorter stories and scarce coverage of politics and government, local television newscasts in the United States, like local newspapers before them, are suffering from &#x201C;shrinking pains,&#x201D; according to the Pew Research Center .&#xa; &#xa;The diagnosis comes in the center&#x2019;s 10th annual State of the News Media report , which
doc_id: 788
As Government Stands Firm, Analysts See Risk of New Recession in Britain
LONDON &#x2014; As George Osborne, the chancellor of the Exchequer, prepares this week to update Parliament on his plans for the economy, the prospect of stagflation is back to haunt Britain.&#xa; &#xa;Recent disappointing economic data coupled with rising consumer prices have heightened fears among some economists that Britain is once again edging
doc_id: 789
Spanish Magazine Publisher Bets Against the Crisis
MADRID &#x2014; Andr&#xE9;s Rodr&#xED;guez, the publisher and founder of SpainMedia, has the most at stake in the debut this month of a Spanish-language edition of Forbes, the U.S. business magazine, in crisis-hit Spain.&#xa; &#xa;For Forbes Inc., the New York-based publisher of Forbes Magazine and his partner in the Spanish licensing venture,
doc_id: 790
White House Urged to Fire A Housing Regulator
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Prominent state attorneys general are calling on President Obama to fire the acting director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency and name a new permanent director, arguing that current policies are impeding the economic recovery. &#xa; &#xa;Under its current leader, Edward J. DeMarco, the F.H.F.A., which oversees the
doc_id: 791
News From the Advertising Industry
Accounts&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;&#xB6;General Motors, Detroit, has given the McCann Worldgroup division of the Interpublic Group of Companies sole responsibility for the worldwide creative account of its Chevrolet division as a joint venture ends between the McCann Worldgroup and Goodby, Silverstein &#x26; Partners, part of the Omnicom Group. Billings were
doc_id: 792
BITS; Surveillance Software&#xd; Draws Scrutiny
Last May, two security researchers volunteered to look at a few suspicious e-mails sent to some Bahraini activists. Almost one year later, the two have uncovered evidence that some 25 governments, many with questionable records on human rights, may be using off-the-shelf surveillance software to spy on their own citizens.&#xa; &#xa;Morgan
doc_id: 793
MEDIA DECODER; Time&#x2019;s Opus on Health Care Resonates With Readers
Publishing a 36-page cover article called &#x201C; Bitter Pill: Why Medical Bills Are Killing Us &#x201D; certainly didn&#x2019;t seem like a shameless attempt to bolster newsstand sales for Time magazine.&#xa; &#xa;But the 25,000-word article that Steven Brill wrote for the magazine&#x2019;s March 4 issue appears to be on course to become its
doc_id: 794
Trying to Wean Britons From Unlimited Mobile Data
BERLIN &#x2014; When the mobile operator EE started selling the first high-speed LTE wireless broadband service in Britain last autumn, it offered only packages with strict monthly limits on downloading data, effectively tying the volume of Web surfing to the price.&#xa; &#xa;But whether EE, a joint venture of Deutsche Telekom and France
doc_id: 795
BITS; Stuck With a Provider Over the Long Haul
If dating were like the cellphone industry, you would have to sign a contract when you entered a relationship stating that you would remain monogamous for two years, even if you wanted to break up. That&#x2019;s what cellular carriers have pulled off by successfully lobbying for a recent government ruling that you cannot take the phone you paid for
doc_id: 796
Economic Reports for the Week Ahead
ECONOMIC REPORTS Data to be released include housing starts for February (Tuesday) and weekly jobless claims, existing home sales for February, the Philadelphia Fed index for March and leading economic indicators for February (Thursday). &#xa; &#xa;CORPORATE EARNINGS Companies scheduled to release quarterly earnings statements include Adobe Systems
doc_id: 797
Q. AND A.; U.A.E. Makes Huge Investment in Education and Technology
ABU DHABI &#x2014; Sheik Nahayan bin Mubarak al-Nahayan stepped down as the United Arab Emirates &#x2019; education minister last week, to become its cultural minister. In one of his last interviews as the head of higher education and scientific research, he discussed how he had worked to improve academic standards in a country that is only 41
doc_id: 798
MEDIA DECODER; Coverage of Murder Trial Bolsters Ratings at HLN
The cable news channel HLN, which had some of its highest ratings during the trial of Casey Anthony two years ago, has become fixated on another: the trial of Jodi Arias, a woman accused of killing her ex-boyfriend, Travis Alexander, in Arizona in 2008.&#xa; &#xa;The length of the trial &#x2014; it is about to enter its 12th week &#x2014; has had a
doc_id: 799
BITS; Cisco&#x2019;s Plan&#xd; For Next 10 Years
Cisco has a simple message: the world has bought so much of its equipment, why stop now?&#xa; &#xa;Both Cisco Systems and one of its biggest competitors, VMware, talked about ambitious strategies Wednesday. The powerful data centers and networks they want to build, tied to millions of sensors and devices, promise to create all kinds of efficient
doc_id: 800
Tax Credits or Spending? Labels. But in Congress, Fighting Words.
WASHINGTON &#x2014; In a low-income neighborhood in Bozeman, Mont., taxpayers helped pay for the construction of a grocery store, Town and Country Foods. They are doing the same in New Orleans, with federal dollars helping to build new groceries , including a Whole Foods , in an area still suffering after Hurricane Katrina .&#xa; &#xa;The Bozeman
doc_id: 801
Cyprus Turmoil Over a Bailout Rattles Europe
NICOSIA, Cyprus &#x2014; Europe&#x2019;s surprising decision early Saturday to force bank depositors in Cyprus to share in the cost of the latest euro zone bailout set off increasing outrage and turmoil in Cyprus on Sunday and fueled fears that the trouble will spread to countries like Spain and Italy. &#xa; &#xa;Facing eroding support, the new
doc_id: 802
After Negotiations, Cyprus Agrees to a Euro Zone Bailout Package
BRUSSELS &#x2014; Cyprus reached a long-awaited bailout agreement early Saturday worth $13 billion, or 10 billion euros, that puts some of the burden for shoring up the island&#x2019;s beleaguered economy on its bank depositors. &#xa; &#xa;The most contentious issue in months of negotiations was whether to force Cypriot depositors to take losses in
doc_id: 803
CORNER OFFICE; When I Hire You, I&#x2019;m Hiring Your Mentors&#x2019; Judgment
This interview with Ilene Gordon, C.E.O. of Ingredion, a company that turns raw materials into ingredients for the food, beverage and other industries, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant.&#xa;&#xa; &#xa; &#xa; Q. What are some leadership lessons you&#x2019;ve learned from mentors over the years? A. There was one gentleman in particular. He
doc_id: 804
STRATEGIES; Challenging Management (But Not the Market)
SOME investors make bold bets on the market, wagering on the financial effects of budget battles in Washington or the latest leadership shuffle in Beijing, Tokyo or Rome. David Booth , whose name is on the door of the University of Chicago Booth School of Business , made his fortune another way. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I&#x2019;ve got opinions about the
doc_id: 805
Learning the Hard Way About a Banned Ingredient
THE stimulant DMAA has been banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency, the National Collegiate Athletic Association and Major League Baseball. But it is still found in Jack3d and other supplements sold at stores like GNC and the Vitamin Shoppe. &#xa; &#xa;Dimitar Kutrovsky found that out the hard way. Mr. Kutrovsky came to the United States from
doc_id: 806
THE BOSS; Never Turning Away
GROWING up, I spent a lot of time in hospitals. My sister died of complications from birth defects when she was a year old, and in later years my mother developed multiple sclerosis . Both she and my grandmother died from the disease. I faced several difficult situations and learned to remain calm in a crisis.&#xa; &#xa;Having a family member with
doc_id: 807
Is the Seller to Blame?
EVERY morning as she gets dressed for her accounting job, Leanne Sparling hangs her son&#x2019;s military dog tags and a photograph of him in uniform around her neck. She wears the tags on the outside of her clothes, hoping to prompt strangers to ask about him. &#x201C;When I do tell them what happened,&#x201D; she says, &#x201C;they are in total
doc_id: 808
Is the Seller to Blame?
EVERY morning as she gets dressed for her accounting job, Leanne Sparling hangs her son&#x2019;s military dog tags and a photograph of him in uniform around her neck. She wears the tags on the outside of her clothes, hoping to prompt strangers to ask about him. &#x201C;When I do tell them what happened,&#x201D; she says, &#x201C;they are in total
doc_id: 809
ECONOMIC VIEW; A Profession With an Egalitarian Core
ECONOMICS is sometimes associated with the study and defense of selfishness and material inequality, but it has an egalitarian and civil libertarian core that should be celebrated. And that core may guide us in some surprising directions.&#xa; &#xa;Economic analysis is itself value-free, but in practice it encourages a cosmopolitan interest in
doc_id: 810
&#x2018;It&#x2019;s One Mistake for Another Here&#x2019;
THE Senate committee report on the $6.2 billion loss at JPMorgan Chase offers a peephole into the minds of the traders as they realized their big complex bets were melting down.&#xa; &#xa;The traders were able to hide losses for months by pricing their positions in a favorable way, but they soon discovered that their strategy wasn&#x2019;t
doc_id: 811
PREOCCUPATIONS; Embrace New Skills, And Open New Doors
I&#x2019;M a classically trained professional dancer, and I have three different jobs. My main one is performing with a group named Evidence, A Dance Company , which is based in Brooklyn. I&#x2019;m also a co-choreographer and dancer in a three-person musical comedy group, Adira Amram and the Experience . On Saturdays, if not on the road with one
doc_id: 812
FAIR GAME; JPMorgan&#x2019;s Follies, For All To See
BE afraid. &#xa; &#xa;That&#x2019;s the takeaway for both investors and taxpayers in the 307-page Senate report detailing last year&#x2019;s $6.2 billion trading fiasco at JPMorgan Chase . The financial system, thanks to dissembling traders and bumbling regulators, is at greater risk than you know. After bailing out the nation&#x2019;s banking
doc_id: 813
The Chatter
&#x201C;What mattered was Google admitted they weren&#x2019;t just taking pictures.&#x201D; &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;&#xA0;&#xa; George Jepsen, the Connecticut attorney general, who led the states&#x2019; investigation into Google&#x2019;s Street View mapping project, on the company&#x2019;s acknowledgment that it had violated people&#x2019;s privacy by
doc_id: 814
PROTOTYPE; Coffee&#x2019;s Economics, Rewritten by Farmers
IN 2005, Kenneth Lander, a lawyer in Monroe, Ga., moved with his wife, stepdaughter and the youngest three of his seven children to a coffee farm in San Rafael de Abangares, Costa Rica. He always &#x201C;had a heart,&#x201D; he said, for Latin America, and after a vacation to the lush cloud forests near Monteverde in 2004, he was determined to
doc_id: 815
Euro Zone Is Called Still Susceptible to Shocks
FRANKFURT &#x2014; The euro zone remains vulnerable to shocks because of weak banks and incomplete regulatory safeguards, the International Monetary Fund said Friday, in a warning to European leaders not to slacken their efforts to build a more resilient financial system.&#xa; &#xa;In its first official assessment of the European Union financial
doc_id: 816
BUSINESS BRIEFING | COMPANY NEWS; Carnival Swings To First-Quarter Profit
Carnival Corporation reported a first-quarter profit on Friday, despite problems. The cruise line earned $37 million, or 5 cents a share, in the quarter ended Feb. 28, after a loss of $139 million, or 18 cents a share, a year earlier. But its annual forecast was below analysts&#x2019; predictions, and its shares fell 2 percent. An engine fire last
doc_id: 817
Japan Moves to Enter Talks on Pacific Trade
TOKYO &#x2014; Japan will seek to join negotiations for a free-trade pact with the United States and other Pacific nations, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Friday, giving heft to talks that could encompass two-fifths of the world economy but also adding a country with demands and reservations that some participants fear will delay an
doc_id: 818
U.S. Fines Vitamin C Producers In China
SHANGHAI &#x2014; A group of Chinese vitamin C makers was ordered by a United States District Court to pay $162.3 million in fines after a jury found the companies guilty of price-fixing.&#xa; &#xa;A jury in New York returned the verdict Thursday after a group of American companies accused the Chinese producers of acting in concert to raise prices
doc_id: 819
Dow Ends 10-Day Climb As JPMorgan Leads Dip
The major stock indexes slipped on Friday, ending the Dow Jones industrial average&#x2019;s longest winning streak since 1996 and leaving the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index just below its 2007 high.&#xa; &#xa;A decline in shares of JPMorgan Chase after the bank was hit by a one-two punch of bad news weighed on the market. The Dow
doc_id: 820
BUCKS; Avoiding False Assumptions
Any time the stock market hits a new milestone, whether it&#x2019;s going up or down, we start to hear a lot of noise. And the chatter seems to be focused on this idea of what it all means.&#xa; &#xa;With the Dow hitting new highs , the noise has become so pervasive that, by default, there&#x2019;s the implication we should all be doing something
doc_id: 821
After Negotiations, Cyprus Agrees to a Euro Zone Bailout Package
BRUSSELS &#x2014; Cyprus reached a long-awaited bailout agreement early Saturday that puts some of the burden for shoring up the island&#x2019;s beleaguered economy on its bank depositors.&#xa; &#xa;The most contentious issue in months of negotiations was whether to force Cypriot depositors to take losses in order to make the country&#x2019;s debt
doc_id: 822
DEALBOOK; JPMorgan Executives Face Withering Questions at Senate Hearing
WASHINGTON &#x2014; A top JPMorgan Chase executive struggled to defend his actions on Friday as lawmakers scrutinized the bank&#x2019;s multibillion-dollar trading loss.&#xa; &#xa;For nearly an hour, the executive, Douglas L. Braunstein, was berated for playing down JPMorgan&#x2019;s risky bets to investors and regulators on a conference call in
doc_id: 823
Japan Seeks to Join Pacific Trade Negotiations
TOKYO &#x2014; Japan will seek to join negotiations for a wide-ranging, multilateral free trade pact with the United States and other Pacific nations, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Friday, giving heft to trade talks that could now encompass two-fifths of the world economy but also bringing on board a country with special demands and reservations
doc_id: 824
DEALBOOK; Billionaire Says He Won&#x2019;t Move To Puerto Rico
So much for a new life in a tropical, low-tax paradise.&#xa; &#xa; John A. Paulson , the billionaire hedge fund manager, has no plans to move to Puerto Rico, his firm said in a news release on Friday. The unusual statement followed reports that the financier had looked at real estate in San Juan. &#x201C;In light of the media attention surrounding
doc_id: 825
COMMON SENSE; A Place to Play for Google Staff
After Yahoo &#x2019;s chief executive, Marissa Mayer, ordered employees working from home to show up at the office for work, there was speculation that she was emulating Google , her previous employer.&#xa; &#xa;Yahoo employees should be so lucky. Whatever else might be said about Yahoo&#x2019;s workplace, it&#x2019;s a long way from
doc_id: 826
BUSINESS BRIEFING | LEGAL NEWS; Bp Appeals Spill Compensation Ruling
BP asked a judge on Friday to temporarily halt claims paid out as business economic losses, saying many were &#x201C;fictitious&#x201D; and &#x201C;absurd.&#x201D; In a filing in federal court in New Orleans, BP said it could be &#x201C;irreparably harmed&#x201D; because the payouts could cost billions more than it budgeted for when it agreed to a
doc_id: 827
OFF THE CHARTS; Seen From Greece, Great Depression Looks Good
FIVE years into the Great Depression , one out of five workers in the United States was unemployed. The economy was nearly 20 percent smaller in 1934 than it had been at the peak, in 1929.&#xa; &#xa;The Greeks can only wish they had it so good. The Greek government this week released its estimate of economic output in the fourth quarter of last
doc_id: 828
Boeing Discloses Fixes for Lithium-Ion Batteries
Boeing officials have detailed for the first time their proposed fixes for the lithium-ion batteries aboard its 787 planes, and the changes include better insulation between the eight cells in the battery, gentler charging to minimize stress and a new titanium venting system.&#xa; &#xa;But to prevent any new fire and smoke episodes like the ones
doc_id: 829
MEDIA DECODER; Maxim Magazine Is On the Market
Maxim, the lad mag that doles out advice and ribald humor that is especially appreciated in military circles, is on the market.&#xa; &#xa;The magazine&#x2019;s parent company, Alpha Media Group, announced Friday that its board of directors had decided to sell or find new investors because it had &#x201C;made the successful transition from a
doc_id: 830
DEALBOOK; Big Hedge Fund Pays $616 Million In Trading Cases
10:58 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;The government&#x2019;s multiyear campaign to ferret out insider trading on Wall Street has yielded multiple prosecutions of former employees of SAC Capital Advisors, the giant hedge fund owned by the billionaire investor Steven A. Cohen. On Friday, federal authorities took aim at the fund itself. In what
doc_id: 831
Britain&#x2019;s Plans for New Nuclear Plant Approach a Decisive Point, 4 Years Late
LONDON &#x2014; If all goes according to plan, the British energy minister on Tuesday will formally approve construction of the country&#x2019;s first new nuclear power plant in nearly two decades.&#xa; &#xa;But little has gone according to plan in this ambitious project, which is already more than four years behind schedule. Although envisioned as
doc_id: 832
Economy Rolls Along, Despite Cuts And Taxes
The American economy appears to be bucking the headwinds from Washington, buoyed by healthy business activity and resilient consumers.&#xa; &#xa;The latest evidence came on Friday with a better-than-expected report on industrial production, led by a jump in the automobile sector. It follows bullish indicators earlier in the week, including a drop
doc_id: 833
BUCKS; Student Loans:&#xd; Rate at Issue
It&#x2019;s March, and it&#x2019;s d&#xE9;j&#xE0; vu all over again as students and consumer advocates try to raise awareness of a coming increase in interest rates on some federal student loans .&#xa; &#xa;On July 1, just like last year, rates on subsidized loans made to low- and moderate-income undergraduates under the federal Stafford program
doc_id: 834
No Decision on Bee-Harming Pesticides In Europe
A proposed measure to restrict the use of pesticides that have been implicated in bee die-offs around the world was left in limbo on Friday, after representatives from Britain and Germany, two of the largest members of the European Union, abstained from the voting in Brussels. The move left the committee without the needed qualified majority, which
doc_id: 835
YOUR MONEY; New Laws Take Guesswork Out of Investment Tax Liability
Until recently, the tax man rarely held you accountable for how much you profited &#x2014; or lost &#x2014; when you sold stocks or mutual funds .&#xa; &#xa;Instead, reporting those numbers on your tax return was generally based on the honor system: You reported how much you bought the stock for, and if you lost track or couldn&#x2019;t remember,
doc_id: 836
Ethanol Surplus May Lift Gas Prices
WASHINGTON &#x2014; A glut of ethanol in the gasoline supply is threatening to push up prices at the pump and may have exacerbated the growing cost gap between regular gasoline and premium, some oil experts say. &#xa; &#xa;Refiners have been trading so-called ethanol credits furiously in an effort to meet federal environmental mandates, helping to
doc_id: 837
| NEW PARENTS,NEW DECISIONS
&#x2014; Maria5553, New York&#xa; &#xa;The truth is that many of these loans should not be made because the student cannot afford to repay them. Over 12 percent of student loans are in default and 44 percent (!) are in deferment. We as taxpayers will end up paying this burden. Anyone remember what happened to Fannie/Freddie? A 3.4 percent interest
doc_id: 838
WEALTH MATTERS; Protecting Wealth in Volatile Fields Like Real Estate and Technology
PEOPLE who made their money by owning real estate and those who earned it in high technology would seem to have little in common. Real estate is, literally, a bricks and mortar business, and technology ventures like social media companies are pretty much the opposite. &#xa; &#xa;But the ways that these people become wealthy &#x2014; and lose
doc_id: 839
Ford Chief Benefits From Auto Comeback
The turnaround of the American auto industry is paying off for senior management, particularly at the Ford Motor Company , even with a 29 percent reduction in compensation for its chief executive. &#xa; &#xa;Ford said on Friday that it paid Alan R. Mulally , the chief executive, about $21 million last year, and paid $14.8 million to its executive
doc_id: 840
Younger Generations Lag Parents in Wealth-Building
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Pearl Brady has a stable job with good benefits and holds two degrees, a bachelor&#x2019;s and a master&#x2019;s. But despite her best efforts, she has no savings, and worries that it will be years before she manages to start putting away money for a house, children and eventually retirement.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I&#x2019;m in that
doc_id: 841
MEDIA DECODER; Media Editor Is Charged In Hacking of News Site
8:30 p.m. | Updated Matthew Keys, a 26-year-old deputy social media editor at Thomson Reuters , has been charged with assisting the hacking collective Anonymous in an attack on the Web site of The Los Angeles Times, the Justice Department said Thursday.&#xa; &#xa;A federal indictment of Mr. Keys, formerly a Web producer at KTXL Fox 40, which, like
doc_id: 842
In Japan, Critic Rises To Redirect State Bank
TOKYO &#x2014; In the late 1990s, in the thick of the Asian financial crisis, a top Japanese Finance Ministry official turned to his prot&#xE9;g&#xE9; and found him engrossed not in policy documents, but in a chunky volume of the works of Aristotle.&#xa; &#xa;That bookish aide, Haruhiko Kuroda, was approved on Friday to become the next Bank of
doc_id: 843
New Jobless Claims at a 5-Year Low
WASHINGTON (Reuters) &#x2014; The number of Americans who filed new claims for unemployment benefits dropped last week for a third consecutive week. The figure came in below the expectations of analysts and was the latest indication that the labor market recovery was gaining traction.&#xa; &#xa;Other data on Thursday showed that an increase in the
doc_id: 844
MEDIA DECODER; Weekend Host Chris Hayes to Take Over 8 P.M. Slot on MSNBC
1:16 p.m. | Updated Chris Hayes will take over the 8 p.m. time slot on MSNBC in the next month, the channel announced on Thursday, the day after the current host of that hour, Ed Schultz, said he was moving from the weekdays to the weekends.&#xa; &#xa;Mr. Hayes, a liberal intellectual who has hosted a well-regarded weekend morning program on MSNBC
doc_id: 845
Living With a Touch of Astor Family History
COOKHAM, ENGLAND &#x2014; The Astor family legacy is still making its mark on British property sales. &#xa; &#xa;The new owner of Rest Harrow, a 14-bedroom, Arts-and-Crafts-style residence on the Kent coast, prefers to remain anonymous but the house&#x2019;s history ensures that the property itself will draw attention. The home, a sea-facing
doc_id: 846
DEALBOOK; Senate Inquiry Faults JPMorgan on Trading Loss
JPMorgan Chase , the nation&#x2019;s biggest bank, ignored internal controls and manipulated documents as it racked up trading losses last year, while its influential chief executive, Jamie Dimon , briefly withheld some information from regulators, a new Senate report says.&#xa; &#xa;The findings by the Congressional investigators shed new light on
doc_id: 847
As German City&#x27;s Cachet Improves, So Does Its Home Prices
DRESDEN &#x2014; In times gone by, Dresden was a regular stop on the grand tour, with visitors attracted by the city&#x2019;s Baroque architecture, art museums, pilsner beer and picturesque setting in the Elbe River valley. &#xa; &#xa;But two world wars that included the destruction wrought by Allied bombers in February 1945 and decades under
doc_id: 848
HIGH &#x26; LOW FINANCE; Hidden Numbers Make Banks Even Bigger
It sounds like a simple question. How big is that bank?&#xa; &#xa;But it is not. Under American accounting rules, banks that trade a lot of derivatives can keep literally trillions of dollars in assets and liabilities off their balance sheets. Since 2009, they have at least been required to make disclosures about how large those amounts are, but
doc_id: 849
Younger Generations Lag Parents in Wealth-Building
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Pearl Brady has a stable job with good benefits and holds two degrees, a bachelor&#x2019;s and a master&#x2019;s. But despite her best efforts, she has no savings, and worries that it will be years before she manages to start putting away money for a house, children and eventually retirement.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I&#x2019;m in that
doc_id: 850
DEALBOOK; UBS Awards $26 Million To Investment Bank Chief
LONDON &#x2014; UBS said on Thursday that it had awarded its new investment bank chief, Andrea Orcel, 24.9 million Swiss francs, or $26 million, in deferred cash and shares, to compensate him for pay he forfeited when he left Bank of America Merrill Lynch .&#xa; &#xa;The amount dwarfs the 8.87 million francs the bank paid to its chief executive,
doc_id: 851
China Buys Stake in African Gas Field From Eni
MILAN &#x2014; Eni, the Italian energy giant, on Thursday sold China National Petroleum Corp. a 20 percent stake in its natural gas project off the coast of Mozambique, its largest gas discovery to date.&#xa; &#xa;The $4.2 billion deal, still subject to approval by the authorities in Mozambique, reduces Eni&#x2019;s share of the estimated $50
doc_id: 852
Swiss National Bank Keeps Franc Cap
LONDON &#x2014; The American dollar rose 0.2 percent to a six-month high against the Swiss franc, at 0.95555 francs, after the Swiss National Bank voiced concern about the threats its overvalued currency posed to price stability and the economy.&#xa; &#xa;The central bank said the euro zone crisis could resurface, potentially driving investors back
doc_id: 853
ADVERTISING; NBC Uses Comedy to Address Its &#x2018;Today&#x2019; Problem
NBC NEWS has been without a president for more than a month. And the future of &#x201C;Today,&#x201D; its most highly visible &#x2014; and profitable &#x2014; show, has been the subject of conjecture after a ratings decline put it second to its longtime competitor, &#x201C;Good Morning America.&#x201D; &#xa; &#xa;But the first upfront presentation
doc_id: 854
To Resume Drilling in Arctic, Shell Is Told to Address Safety and Other Problems
WASHINGTON &#x2014; The Shell Oil Company must provide a detailed plan addressing numerous safety and operational issues that plagued its efforts to extract oil beneath the Arctic Ocean last year if it wants to resume drilling off the coast of Alaska, the Interior Department said Thursday.&#xa; &#xa;Shell has already announced that it will not
doc_id: 855
Samsung on Apple&#x2019;s Turf
Samsung Electronics is the world leader in smartphone sales, besting Apple in many countries. Now Samsung of South Korea is stepping up its challenge to Apple, bringing the battle to its rival&#x2019;s home turf.&#xa; &#xa;At a packed event at Radio City Music Hall in New York on Thursday, Samsung showed off the Galaxy S 4, which has a screen
doc_id: 856
Hoping to Save Bees, Europe Is to Vote on a Pesticide Ban
PARIS &#x2014; Will Brussels try to give bees a break?&#xa; &#xa;In a case closely watched on both sides of the Atlantic, European officials plan to vote Friday on a proposal to sharply restrict the use of pesticides that had been implicated in the decline of global bee populations. The vote in Brussels, by officials from all 27 European Union
doc_id: 857
Once Again, Lenders Ask Greece for Additional Cuts
ATHENS &#x2014; It has been so elaborately repeated that it almost borders on ritual: Greece&#x2019;s troika of lenders leaves Athens with disagreement over whether the country should receive billions of euros in fresh financial aid.&#xa; &#xa;Greek officials scramble to tackle demands for more austerity to obtain the money, even as social distress
doc_id: 858
MEDIA DECODER; Movie Review Aggregator to Shut Down
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; Movie critics are about to lose one of their more avid online advocates.&#xa; &#xa; Moviereviewintelligence.com , a Web site that aggregates reviews from dozens of newspapers, magazines and Web publications, will cease operating at the end of April, its editor and publisher, David A. Gross, said on Thursday. &#x201C;We just
doc_id: 859
DEALBOOK; Fed Faults 2 Big Banks Over Plans For Capital
Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase , the Wall Street giants that emerged from the financial crisis in a position of strength, are now facing questions about their ability to withstand future market shocks.&#xa; &#xa;On Thursday, the Federal Reserve said Goldman and JPMorgan would need to resubmit their proposals to pay out billions of dollars to
doc_id: 860
European Leaders Seem Determined to Keep Austerity
BRUSSELS &#x2014; Jeered by angry protesters demanding an end to austerity and shaken by a resounding rejection of their economic strategy from Italian voters, European leaders gathered for an economic summit meeting Thursday amid few signs that the bloc&#x2019;s policies were healing the twin blights of rising unemployment and recession.&#xa;
doc_id: 861
MEDIA DECODER; Streetwise Weekly in Boston Closes Under Ad Pressures
4:30 p.m. | Updated The Boston Phoenix, an alternative weekly newspaper known for its sharp political coverage and smart insight into culture and music, announced Thursday that it would fold.&#xa; &#xa;Its sister papers, The Portland Phoenix in Maine and The Providence Phoenix in Rhode Island, will remain open, the company said. The Phoenix has
doc_id: 862
Food Company in Spain May Turn to Public Aid
MADRID &#x2014; The regional government of Galicia said Thursday that it stood ready to provide economic help to Pescanova, an insolvent fishing company that has become the latest big corporate casualty of the Spanish debt crisis.&#xa; &#xa;The offer coincided with an extraordinary board meeting of Pescanova, called by some of its institutional
doc_id: 863
Coca-Cola Cooperating With Chinese GPS Investigation
BEIJING &#x2014; Coca-Cola has said it is cooperating with the Chinese authorities who are investigating whether local employees of the U.S. soft drink maker did illegal mapping using GPS devices in Yunnan Province. &#xa; &#xa;The investigation was reported by the news Web site of Yunnan on Feb. 28, and a reporter at China Radio International asked
doc_id: 864
Boeing Presents Solution For Dreamliner Problems
TOKYO &#x2014; Boeing executives said on Friday that they expected commercial flights of the company&#x2019;s troubled new Dreamliner jet to resume within weeks and that the company was fully confident that it had eliminated all risk of fire or smoke from its batteries, defending its use of the volatile lithium-ion technology.&#xa; &#xa;Making an
doc_id: 865
Jobless News Lifts Shares; Dow Rises for 10th Day
The Dow Jones industrial average extended its winning streak to 10 days on Thursday and ended at another nominal high as investors were encouraged by data showing that the labor market&#x2019;s recovery was improving.&#xa; &#xa;The Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index made a late-day run at its nominal closing high, set in October 2007,
doc_id: 866
DEALBOOK; Prominent Lawyer Is Accused of Sexual Harassment
In recent years, the law firm Faruqi &#x26; Faruqi has given corporate America big headaches, filing a steady stream of shareholder lawsuits against companies related to executive pay as well as mergers and acquisitions.&#xa; &#xa;Now, Faruqi &#x26; Faruqi has a headache of its own. A former junior lawyer at the firm filed a lawsuit on Wednesday,
doc_id: 867
WHEELS; Co-Founder and Namesake Leaves the Automaker Fisker
Fisker Automotive announced Wednesday that Henrik Fisker, its co-founder and executive chairman, had left the company because of disagreements with management. In a statement, the company said his departure was &#x201C;not expected to impact the company&#x2019;s pursuit of strategic partnerships and financing to support Fisker Automotive&#x2019;s
doc_id: 868
At NBC, a Struggle to Revive the Morning Magic
Staff members at NBC&#x2019;s &#x201C;Today&#x201D; show huddled for a performance review last month, 10 months after the longtime morning show leader first fell behind ABC&#x2019;s &#x201C;Good Morning America&#x201D; in the ratings. The mood was anxious, according to several attendees, as network executives discussed the findings from focus
doc_id: 869
Suntech, Owing Millions, Is Near Takeover by Chinese Holding Company
One of the world&#x2019;s largest manufacturers of solar panels, Suntech Power, has nearly run out of cash and is poised to be taken over partly or entirely by the municipal government&#x2019;s holding company in its hometown, Wuxi, China, solar industry executives and a Wuxi official said Wednesday.&#xa; &#xa;A woman answering the phone in the
doc_id: 870
Market Edges Up, Lifting Dow to 9th Consecutive Gain
The stock market rose slightly Wednesday, but enough to lift the Dow Jones industrial average to its ninth consecutive gain, its longest winning streak in more than 16 years.&#xa; &#xa;The Dow edged up 5.22 points, to 14,455.28, for another nominal record close since March 5, when it surpassed its previous high, set in 2007. The Dow is up 10.3
doc_id: 871
BITS; Google Puts Chrome Executive in Charge of Android, Too
3:30 p.m. | Updated &#xa;Added comments from Andy Rubin in letter to Android developers.&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;Google announced on Wednesday a change in its executive ranks that could have broad implications for the mobile business. Andy Rubin, who had been senior vice president in charge of Android, Google&#x2019;s mobile operating system, has been
doc_id: 872
Initial Tests Of Battery By Boeing Fell Short
In an age of sophisticated computer modeling, Boeing engineers relied on the same test used for tiny cellphone batteries to gather data about the safety of the heftier lithium-ion battery on its new 787 jets: they drove a nail into it to see what happened.&#xa; &#xa;As the nail pierced one of the eight cells, it accomplished its goal of setting off
doc_id: 873
Horse Meat Applicant&#x2019;s Food Safety Is Questioned
The New Mexico company seeking to become the first slaughter house for horses in the United States since 2007 drew complaints over a two-year period from federal food safety inspectors and state regulatory authorities over its disposal of animal remains when it processed cattle for beef.&#xa; &#xa;The complaints raise questions about whether the
doc_id: 874
STATE OF THE ART; TiVo Goes Wandering, On the Road And at Home
You always remember the days that changed your life forever. Your first kiss. The birth of a child. The day you got a TiVo .&#xa; &#xa;I do, anyway. TiVo made me a cultist. &#x201C;I don&#x2019;t know or care when a TV show will be broadcast or on what channel,&#x201D; I&#x2019;d explain to anyone who would listen. &#x201C;I just tell the TiVo what
doc_id: 875
EURO WATCH; Italy&#x27;s Borrowing Costs Rise in First Debt Sale Since Rating Cut
MILAN &#x2014; Italy on Wednesday sold out its first issue of long-term debt since a rating agency cut its credit rating last week, but at higher rates, reflecting investors&#x2019; concerns about political and economic turmoil after inconclusive elections last month. &#xa; &#xa;The Treasury on Wednesday sold &#x20AC;2 billion, or $3.3 billion, of
doc_id: 876
Europe Proposes New Rights for Fliers When Flights Are Delayed or Canceled
PARIS &#x2014; Denise McDonagh might have gotten her &#x20AC;1,100 settlement from Ryanair faster under new traveler-rights rules the European Union proposed for the airline industry on Wednesday. But she probably wouldn&#x2019;t have gotten nearly as much.&#xa; &#xa;And that is the rub of the European Union&#x2019;s proposal , which is meant to
doc_id: 877
DEALBOOK; Private Equity Squeezes Out Cash Long After Its Exit
When the Berry Plastics Group , a container and packaging company, went public last October, it generated up to $350 million in tax savings. But the company won&#x2019;t collect the bulk of the benefits. Rather, Berry Plastics will hand over 85 percent of the savings, in cash, to its former private equity owners.&#xa; &#xa;The obscure tax strategy
doc_id: 878
Power to the People
Across the country, cities are showing a renewed interest in taking over the electricity business from private utilities, reflecting intensifying concerns about climate change , responses to power disruptions and a desire to pump more renewable energy into the grid. &#xa; &#xa;Boulder, Colo., for instance, could take an important step toward
doc_id: 879
NEWS ANALYSIS; Google Hastens to Show Its Concern for Privacy
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; Silicon Valley hates being told what to do. &#x201C;Better to seek forgiveness than permission&#x201D; is its unofficial slogan.&#xa; &#xa;This week, though, Google was told what to do. In the culmination of a two-year investigation into whether its Street View violated privacy protections , law-enforcement officials told the
doc_id: 880
Strong Retail Sales Bolster Outlook, Blunting an Expected Tax Increase Effect
WASHINGTON (AP) &#x2014; Americans spent at the fastest pace in five months in February, pushing up retail sales by 1.1 percent from January. About half the increase reflected higher gasoline prices, but even excluding fuel purchases, retail sales rose 0.6 percent.&#xa; &#xa;The report from the Commerce Department on Wednesday showed that Americans
doc_id: 881
ON THE MONEY; Capturing the Soul of a Business, in a Frame
The You&#x2019;re the Boss small-business blog recently challenged its readers to try to capture the soul of their businesses in one photograph. The request stipulated that submissions include no product or marketing shots. Instead, the goal was to see if the submitters could reveal something meaningful about the ups and downs, the grind and the
doc_id: 882
European Parliament Rejects Hard-Won Budget Agreement
BRUSSELS &#x2014; The lawmakers of the European Union gave austerity a poke in the eye Wednesday by overwhelmingly rejecting the bloc&#x2019;s proposed budget of &#x20AC;960 billion in its current form.&#xa; &#xa;E.U. leaders deadlocked over the seven-year plan in November but finally reached a deal last month after a 24-hour marathon of talks that
doc_id: 883
Android Devices Set to Overtake iPad in Market Share
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; Shipments of tablets running the Google Android operating system will overtake the iPad this year for the first time, the research firm IDC has predicted, as Apple cedes more mobile market share to hard-charging rivals around the globe.&#xa; &#xa;A growing variety of smaller and less-expensive Android tablets from
doc_id: 884
MEDIA DECODER; Disney Delays Release Of Ambitious New Game
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; The introduction of Disney Infinity, an ambitious video game and toy initiative, has been pushed from June to late August, a retail window that Disney said on Wednesday was more favorable.&#xa; &#xa;But the delay also shifts Infinity from Disney&#x2019;s fiscal third quarter to its fourth, meaning that any chance of a
doc_id: 885
U.S. Investigates BHP Billiton Over Allegations of Corruption
BEIJING &#x2014; The U.S. government is investigating a possibility of corrupt practices by the world&#x2019;s largest mining company, BHP Billiton , the company confirmed Wednesday after media reports about an inquiry into its sponsorship of the 2008 Beijing Olympics.&#xa; &#xa;Fairfax Media in Australia reported that the U.S. Department of
doc_id: 886
DEALBOOK; Private Equity Firms Fail in Effort to Dismiss Antitrust Case
A federal judge has dealt a blow to the private equity industry, refusing to dismiss a lawsuit that accused firms of colluding to drive down the prices of corporate takeovers during the buyout boom, setting the stage for a possible trial in the five-year-old case.&#xa; &#xa;But at the same time, the judge, Edward F. Harrington of Federal District
doc_id: 887
Spinoff Of Time Inc. Rattles Employees
It was an elite reception at a glittery Manhattan setting: prominent media figures like Gayle King and Lesley Stahl gathered on the 10th floor of the Time Warner Center on Monday night to toast Sheryl Sandberg, the Facebook executive who recently released a book about her life. &#xa; &#xa;But another executive was drawing a crowd of his own:
doc_id: 888
Indian Agency Charges Ex-Air Force Chief in Bribery Case
NEW DELHI &#x2014; India&#x2019;s top investigative agency filed a criminal case on Wednesday against a former air force chief and 11 other people on charges of cheating and conspiracy in a $750 million helicopter deal marred by bribery. &#xa; &#xa;The Central Bureau of Investigation filed the charges under India&#x2019;s corruption prevention laws
doc_id: 889
DealBook Online
WITNESS LIST Congressional investigators have summoned current and former executives of JPMorgan Chase, along with three regulators, to testify at a hearing Friday on the bank&#x2019;s multibillion-dollar trading loss. &#xa; &#xa;The Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, led by Senator Carl Levin, left, will release a report detailing
doc_id: 890
DEALBOOK; Ex-Pimco Executive Backs Out Of Lawsuit
A former executive at the Pacific Investment Management Company, the money management giant known as Pimco, has said that he was fired last year after reporting an array of misconduct at the firm to federal law enforcement officials.&#xa; &#xa;In a lawsuit filed on March 5 in a California state court, Jason Williams, 36, a former high-yield bond
doc_id: 891
Solar Trade Group Reports Surge in U.S. Installations
Partly driven by an oversupply of cheaper panels from China, the domestic solar market had its best year in 2012, with the growth in installations outpacing that of the global market, according to an annual report to be released Thursday.&#xa; &#xa;The report, from the Solar Energy Industries Association, the industry&#x2019;s main trade group, and
doc_id: 892
Profit Beats Forecasts at Costco
Costco Wholesale lured shoppers with low prices in its most recent quarter, gaining market share at a time when consumers pulled back at other retailers because of higher taxes and rising fuel prices.&#xa; &#xa;A membership fee increase also helped lift the bottom line at Costco, which posted its second-quarter results on Tuesday, with its profits
doc_id: 893
Merck Cholesterol Trial Can Continue
Merck &#x26; Company said on Tuesday that an independent monitoring board would let it continue with a large clinical trial assessing the safety and effectiveness of its Vytorin cholesterol treatment.&#xa; &#xa;The panel&#x2019;s decision suggested that no safety concerns had arisen for Vytorin. The study, called Improve-It, will continue to its
doc_id: 894
Google Elbows Into the Cloud
In a battle for dominance in cloud computing, Google is taking on Microsoft and Amazon in their own back yard. &#xa; &#xa;Google said Tuesday that it was doubling its office space near Seattle, just miles from the campuses of Amazon and Microsoft, and stepping up the hiring of engineers and others who work on cloud technology. It is part of
doc_id: 895
Japan Uncovers Gas Source In Pacific
TOKYO &#x2014; Japan said Tuesday that it had extracted gas from offshore deposits of methane hydrate &#x2014; sometimes called &#x201C;flammable ice&#x201D; &#x2014; a breakthrough that officials and experts said could be a step toward tapping a promising but still little-understood energy source.&#xa; &#xa;The gas, whose extraction from the
doc_id: 896
Cond&#xe9; Nast Adds to Job of Longtime Vogue Editor
Anna Wintour , who will mark her 25th anniversary as the editor of Vogue magazine this summer and who for the last year has been the subject of persistent rumors about a possible ambassadorship in the Obama administration, is taking on the additional role of artistic director of Cond&#xE9; Nast , the company plans to announce on Wednesday.&#xa;
doc_id: 897
Behind Fun Jobs, a Push to Resuscitate Australian Tourism Industry
SYDNEY &#x2014; Australia has a few help-wanted ads it would like you to take a look at.&#xa; &#xa;There is this opening in the Australian state of New South Wales: Chief Funster. Responsibilities? Review festivals and events, tweet about them and be a &#x201C;Sydney VIP.&#x201D; Meanwhile, Western Australia is hunting for a &#x201C;Taste
doc_id: 898
U.S. Backs Boeing Plan For Testing 787 Battery
Boeing achieved a major milestone on Tuesday as the Federal Aviation Administration approved its plan to test fixes for the battery problems that have grounded its 787 jets since mid-January.&#xa; &#xa;Boeing&#x2019;s new battery design includes better protection in case a battery overheats. The F.A.A. could still demand changes if problems develop
doc_id: 899
SQUARE FEET; Ohio&#x2019;s Resurgent Natural Gas Industry Spends Millions to Set Up Shop
LOUISVILLE, Ohio &#x2014; The countryside in eastern Ohio is marked by rusting tanks that stand in open fields and along the edges of family timber patches, like graveyard headstones for an era of energy riches that most people here thought had passed. &#xa; &#xa;Petroleum from this region once supplied John D. Rockefeller&#x2019;s Standard Oil
doc_id: 900
SQUARE FEET; Hectic Times Square Is Keeping the Developers Busy
Some two decades ago, New York City began a huge cleanup of its downtrodden theater district, vastly improving the fortunes of the pedestrian-clogged Times Square neighborhood. In recent months, that progress has gone into high gear, with rents reaching new highs and several redevelopment projects proceeding.&#xa; &#xa;Reflecting rising demand,
doc_id: 901
ECONOMIC SCENE; Blessings Of Low Taxes Remain Unproved
The proposition that low tax rates produce higher economic growth has been a central plank of the Republican platform since I was a teenager.&#xa; &#xa;In 1980, &#x201C;The Blues Brothers&#x201D; were making the jump from &#x201C;Saturday Night Live&#x201D; to cult status on the silver screen when Representative Jack F. Kemp of New York, an
doc_id: 902
France Proposes New Rules to Guarantee Equal Access to the Internet
SERRAVAL, France &#x2014; The French government on Tuesday called for a law requiring Internet service providers to give all the traffic on their networks equal priority, saying existing rules were insufficient for protecting free speech online and ensuring fair competition among Web publishers.&#xa; &#xa;The proposal would mark a big shift in
doc_id: 903
Extending His Sway, Putin Names Loyalist to Head Russian Central Bank
MOSCOW &#x2014; Asserting further personal control over the Russian economy, President Vladimir V. Putin nominated on Tuesday a close political ally, who is now serving as his chief economic adviser, to become the new chief of the Russian central bank. &#xa; &#xa;The nomination of Elvira Nabiullina signals strongly that the bank will lower rates in
doc_id: 904
Transactions
Recent Sale&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;$11.85 MILLION 144-150 Ludlow Street (between Rivington and Stanton Streets) Manhattan A residential owner and manager has bought these four interconnected buildings that share an elevator. The buildings total 34,904 square feet, with a 6,000-square-foot four-story walk-up in the rear. There are 52 apartments &#x2014;
doc_id: 905
DEALBOOK; In Spinoffs, a Chance to Jettison Undesirable Liabilities
A spinoff is a product of Wall Street math that says one plus one can equal three. Yet as shareholders of Time Warner may be about to find out, it can also be all about subtraction, as a company ditches an unwanted business, in this case, magazines.&#xa; &#xa;The business argument for a spinoff is typically that a separation of the assets allows
doc_id: 906
Google Concedes Drive-by Prying Violated Privacy
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; Google on Tuesday acknowledged to state officials that it had violated people&#x2019;s privacy during its Street View mapping project when it casually scooped up passwords, e-mail and other personal information from unsuspecting computer users.&#xa; &#xa;In agreeing to settle a case brought by 38 states involving the project,
doc_id: 907
Dow Ekes Out 8th Consecutive Gain in Otherwise Flat Trading
The stock market meandered on Tuesday, ending the day with little change, although the Dow Jones industrial average crept up to another nominal high.&#xa; &#xa;The Dow, which has risen for eight consecutive trading sessions, added 2.77 points to close at 14,450.06 after wavering between small gains and losses for most of the day. The broader
doc_id: 908
DealBook Online
SEEKING MERGER APPROVAL The cellphone service provider MetroPCS urged shareholders on Tuesday to approve its merger with T-Mobile USA, in the face of strong opposition from two major hedge funds.&#xa; &#xa;MetroPCS&#x2019;s chief executive, Roger D. Linquist, left, said in a letter that the complex merger, which would give existing investors a 26
doc_id: 909
French Regulators Seek Inquiry Into Skype
PARIS &#x2014; French regulators said Tuesday that they had asked prosecutors to investigate Microsoft&#x2019;s Skype unit over its failure to register as a telecommunications operator in accordance with local law, raising the question of what constitutes a telephone company in the age of Internet-based communications.&#xa; &#xa;The regulator,
doc_id: 910
THE 30-MINUTE INTERVIEW; Arthur J. Mirante II
Mr. Mirante, 69, is a principal of the Canadian commercial real estate company Avison Young and the president of its Tri-State division, which was established last year in New York. &#xa; &#xa;Before joining Avison Young last spring, Mr. Mirante was the president for global client development at Cushman &#x26; Wakefield. He also served as that
doc_id: 911
ADVERTISING; Honest Tea Creates a Business Guide as a Comic Book
WHEN it was building its brand, the beverage maker Honest Tea stayed off the conventional marketing grid, opting for samplings, recycling events and word of mouth to reach its audience. Now the company&#x2019;s founders are taking an alternate route to telling a button-down corporate history and are instead laying out their story, warts and all, in
doc_id: 912
U.S. and Europe Seek Backing for Landmark Trade Pact
BRUSSELS &#x2014; President Barack Obama and the top trade official for the European Union sought to rally support Tuesday for a landmark trans-Atlantic free trade deal, saying it would benefit a wide variety of exporters and offer a significant boost to growth. &#xa; &#xa;Karel De Gucht, the E.U. trade commissioner, said one of the biggest
doc_id: 913
German Central Bank Doubles Reserves Against Possible Losses
FRANKFURT &#x2014; In a profound signal of uneasiness about the health of the euro zone, the German central bank said Tuesday that it had nearly doubled the reserves it held to cover possible losses. &#xa; &#xa;The Bundesbank said it had raised its risk provisions, or the money it sets aside to cover losses like a default on euro zone bond
doc_id: 914
F.D.A. Raises Heart Alert On Antibiotic In Wide Use
The Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday toughened a warning it made last year about the potential risks of azithromycin, a commonly used antibiotic that can cause changes in the electrical activity of the heart that may lead to a fatal irregular heart rhythm in some patients.&#xa; &#xa;The risks, which have been noted in the warning labels on
doc_id: 915
ADVERTISING; Honest Tea Creates a Business Guide as a Comic Book
WHEN it was building its brand, the beverage maker Honest Tea stayed off the conventional marketing grid, opting for samplings, recycling events and word of mouth to reach its audience. Now the company&#x2019;s founders are taking an alternate route to telling a button-down corporate history and are instead laying out their story, warts and all, in
doc_id: 916
Fund That Subsidizes Internet for Schools Should Expand, a Senator Says
WASHINGTON &#x2014; The $2.3 billion federal E-Rate program, which subsidizes basic Internet connections for schools and libraries, should be overhauled and expanded to provide those community institutions with new, lightning-fast connections to the Web, the chairman of a Senate committee that oversees the F.C.C. said Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;Senator
doc_id: 917
DEALBOOK; Hostess Sells Twinkies Brand to Investment Firms
8:53 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;Twinkies and Ding Dongs are back from the dead. Hostess Brands, the now bankrupt owner of the cream-filled confections, agreed on Tuesday to sell the snacks &#x2014; along with Ho Hos, Sno Balls and Dolly Madison Zingers &#x2014; to two investment firms with a shared history of corporate turnarounds. The deal,
doc_id: 918
DEALBOOK; At Hearing, Nominee for S.E.C. Chief Vows to Be a Tough Wall St. Regulator
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Mary Jo White moved closer to becoming a top Wall Street regulator on Tuesday as she sailed through a Congressional confirmation hearing. But even her supporters on Capitol Hill pointed to significant challenges awaiting the next leader of the Securities and Exchange Commission.&#xa; &#xa;While she received a friendly reception
doc_id: 919
Alibaba Vice President Replaces Founder as Chief
BEIJING &#x2014; Alibaba Group, one of the biggest e-commerce companies in the world, said Monday that its executive vice president would succeed its founder, Jack Ma, as chief executive.&#xa; &#xa;Mr. Ma, 48, announced in January that he was stepping down as chief executive officer to make way for younger leaders. He has stayed on as chairman.
doc_id: 920
FREQUENT FLIER; Trapped Next to a Chatty 8-Year-Old, All the Way to Beijing
I&#x2019;M a 24-year-old entrepreneur in mobile technologies. I haven&#x2019;t been flying for business all that long, but it&#x2019;s really important to my company&#x2019;s growth. I almost always leave home without doing much in terms of checking on my flight, having ground transportation or a hotel reserved. That may sound irresponsible, but
doc_id: 921
DEALBOOK; Responding to Financial Crisis, Britain Overhauls Its Regulators
LONDON &#x2014; After the financial crisis, countries like the United States adopted wide-ranging changes to their banking regulation.&#xa; &#xa;Yet Britain was the only major economic power to go a step further by completely overhauling its regulators. Taking the place of the current watchdog, the Financial Services Authority, will be two new
doc_id: 922
DealBook Online
PRIVATE SECTOR BENEFITS Mary L. Schapiro, below, is starting to get a taste of opportunities in the private sector after stepping down as chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission in December.&#xa; &#xa;General Electric announced on Monday that it had nominated Ms. Schapiro to serve as one of its directors. She will stand for election at
doc_id: 923
Britain Investigating Claims Over a Botched Deal by H.P.
British authorities have opened an investigation into Hewlett-Packard &#x2019;s claims that it was duped when it bought the business software maker Autonomy, according to regulatory documents filed Monday.&#xa; &#xa;The inquiry, by the British Serious Fraud Office, is the latest legal fallout from a deal that has saddled Hewlett with huge losses
doc_id: 924
Australian Central Bank Hit by Cyberattack
SYDNEY &#x2014; The Australian central bank confirmed Monday that it had been hit by cyberattacks, but it said no data had been lost or systems compromised.&#xa; &#xa;The central bank, the Reserve Bank of Australia, was responding to a report in a newspaper, The Australian Financial Review, that said the central bank had been repeatedly and
doc_id: 925
O.E.C.D. Sees Improvement in Developed Countries, Led by U.S. and Japan
PARIS &#x2014; The economic outlook in major industrialized economies is improving, with the United States and Japan leading the way, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said on Monday, adding that activity in the euro zone was also picking up.&#xa; &#xa;The figures come after news last week that the U.S. jobless rate had
doc_id: 926
ON THE ROAD; Airport Lounge Perks Become a Priority
LAS VEGAS &#xa; &#xa;LUNCH at the luxurious new American Express Centurion Lounge at the airport was a little toasted sandwich and a quinoa salad from the ample buffet, with minty iced tea. I settled into my cozy private nook with an iPad they had lent me at the front desk. Not bad, I thought, for a quick and frugal overnight trip to Las Vegas on a
doc_id: 927
Food Costs Threaten Rebound in China
BEIJING &#x2014; Diners looking for beef hot pot on a chilly evening in Beijing pay more than their counterparts in Boston, a discrepancy that shows the challenges China faces in reviving growth as inflationary pressures return.&#xa; &#xa;A 6 percent increase in food costs drove a rise in the Chinese consumer price index to 3.2 percent in February,
doc_id: 928
DEALBOOK; Online Betting Site Intrade Is Shut After Audit Queries
The online betting site Intrade announced late on Sunday that it had halted trading and frozen customer accounts after the company said it had discovered potential financial irregularities.&#xa; &#xa;The moves followed concerns raised by the company&#x2019;s auditors over more than $1.5 million payments to Intrade&#x2019;s founder, John Delaney,
doc_id: 929
Boeing Seeks Approval for Updated Jet
Boeing is likely to seek approval from its board as early as next month to start taking orders for an updated version of its 777 passenger jet, industry officials said Monday.&#xa; &#xa;The company plans to add lightweight carbon-composite wings and new engines to the popular model to take advantage of new technologies that it developed for its 787
doc_id: 930
ADVERTISING; Lowe&#x2019;s Campaign Keeps Eye on the Weather
LOWE&#x2019;S is introducing a new round of advertising to promote home improvement projects in the spring, its prime revenue-generating period. The ads, which began appearing on Sunday, reflect an effort by Lowe&#x2019;s to take advantage of the rebounding housing market and catch up to Home Depot , the country&#x2019;s most profitable national
doc_id: 931
Market Rally Continues, Though Volume Is Light
The stock market rose modestly on Monday, lifting the Dow Jones industrial average to its fifth straight nominal record high and giving the Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index its seventh straight advance. &#xa; &#xa;The gains put the S.&#x26; P. 500 just nine points away from its record closing high, which it reached in October 2007.
doc_id: 932
Europe&#x2019;s Leaders Are Told&#xd; To Hew to Economic Plan
BRUSSELS &#x2014; The president of the European Commission on Monday called on E.U. leaders to stay the course on debt reduction and economic overhauls, as he sought to head off a rancorous debate on those issues when the leaders hold a summit meeting here this week. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Steadfast implementation of reforms is beginning to deliver
doc_id: 933
DEALBOOK; Oppenheimer Settles Accusations of Misleading Investors
Oppenheimer &#x26; Company will pay nearly $3 million to settle accusations by federal and state regulators that it misled investors about the performance of one of its private equity funds, in a case that signals stepped-up scrutiny of the buyout industry and how it values its holdings.&#xa; &#xa;The Securities and Exchange Commission said that
doc_id: 934
On the Brink in Italy
GUIDONIA, Italy &#x2014; Emanuele Tedeschi wiped sawdust from his hands and gestured around the cavernous woodworking factory that has been in his family for two generations. The big machines, which used to run overtime carving custom furnishings for private homes, Roman palazzi and even the Vatican, sat idle on a shop floor nearly devoid of
doc_id: 935
DEALBOOK; Realities Behind Prosecuting Big Banks
Are banks too big to jail?&#xa; &#xa;If there was any doubt about the answer to that question, Eric H. Holder Jr. , the nation&#x2019;s attorney general, last week blurted out what we&#x2019;ve all known to be true but few inside the Obama administration have said aloud: Yes, they are. &#x201C;I am concerned that the size of some of these
doc_id: 936
INSIDE ASIA; Tough Talk in Taiwan on Media Deals
HONG KONG &#x2014; Regulators in Taiwan, under pressure from a public worried that Beijing may meddle in their media, have begun talking tough on television and newspaper deals by businessmen based in Taiwan with strong ties to mainland China.&#xa; &#xa;The island&#x2019;s media watchdog has proposed new anti-monopoly rules that could scuttle the
doc_id: 937
Illinois Is Accused Of Fraud By S.E.C.
For the second time in history, federal regulators have accused an American state of securities fraud, finding that Illinois misled investors about the condition of its public pension system from 2005 to 2009. &#xa; &#xa;In announcing a settlement with the state on Monday, the Securities and Exchange Commission accused Illinois of claiming that it
doc_id: 938
New Airport Screening Would Plumb Personal Data
Aviation security leaders are moving forward with plans to shift toward a risk-based system of passenger screening &#x2014; an idea supported by the travel industry and government officials who want screeners to focus on travelers who may present a security threat.&#xa; &#xa;But as details emerge on how governments and airlines plan to distinguish
doc_id: 939
Mexican Leaders Propose a Telecom Overhaul
MEXICO CITY &#x2014; President Enrique Pe&#xF1;a Nieto and leaders of Mexico &#x2019;s three main political parties on Monday presented a sweeping overhaul of the laws regulating telecommunications, the most serious effort yet to rein in the country&#x2019;s dominant telephone and television companies. &#xa; &#xa;The proposal would give broad new
doc_id: 940
DEALBOOK; Nominee to Lead the S.E.C. Vows an &#x2018;Unrelenting&#x2019; Fight on Fraud
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Mary Jo White plans to strike a hard line against Wall Street wrongdoing at a Senate confirmation hearing on Tuesday, as she deflects concerns over her ability to regulate the same banks she recently defended.&#xa; &#xa;In written testimony released on Monday by the Senate Banking Committee, which must approve her nomination as
doc_id: 941
DEALBOOK; Dell Agrees To Show Financials To Icahn
Dell Inc. has agreed to open its books to the activist investor Carl C. Icahn, signaling a possible truce on one front in the battle over the computer maker&#x2019;s proposed $24.4 billion buyout.&#xa; &#xa;In exchange, the billionaire &#x2014; who was critical of the deal just last week &#x2014; has agreed to confidentiality, which silences,
doc_id: 942
Fugitive Hedge Fund Manager Is Arrested
FRANKFURT &#x2014; Florian Homm, a flamboyant former hedge fund manager who spent the last five years in hiding, was arrested in Italy and faces extradition to the United States on securities fraud charges which could expose him to a lengthy prison sentence, the Federal Bureau of Investigation said.&#xa; &#xa;The Italian police arrested Mr. Homm, a
doc_id: 943
Chairman Of Sony Announces Retirement
TOKYO (AP) &#x2014; Howard Stringer , who fought to bring a divided and struggling Sony Corporation together as the company&#x2019;s first foreign president, is retiring as chairman in June.&#xa; &#xa;He announced his departure on Friday in New York during a speech at the Japan Society, and Sony, in Tokyo, confirmed the news on Sunday. He will step
doc_id: 944
Chief Takes Harder Line On Banks In Europe
LONDON &#x2014; When George Zannakis, a Greek sound engineer, heeded his investment adviser&#x2019;s guidance in January by plowing half of his life savings into a high-yield bond issued by the Dutch bank SNS Reaal, he did not consider it a high-risk proposition. &#xa; &#xa;This was not Greece, after all. And though the financial press had been
doc_id: 945
BITS; A Camera To Capture Daily Life
AUSTIN, TEX., &#x2014; Facebook and Instagram have conditioned people into sharing photos of their most memorable moments &#x2014; vacations, parties, weddings, meals and outings with friends.&#xa; &#xa;But what about everything else that happens in between? That&#x2019;s the content that Memoto , a Swedish start-up, wants to capture with a small,
doc_id: 946
News From the Advertising Industry
Accounts&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;&#xB6;The United States division of Pret a Manger named Walrus, New York, to handle advertising assignments that include digital marketing, in-store marketing and event marketing. Spending has not been determined. The division had handled those tasks internally. There are plans to open 15 American stores this year, to add to
doc_id: 947
Economic Reports for the Week Ahead
ECONOMIC REPORTS Information to be released includes retail sales for February, import prices for February and business inventories for January (Wednesday); weekly jobless claims, the Producer Price Index for February and the current account deficit for the fourth quarter (Thursday); and the Consumer Price Index for February, industrial production
doc_id: 948
MEDIA DECODER; From YouTube to the Cineplex
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; How fast is YouTube building new media companies? Consider the case of AwesomenessTV , a YouTube-based channel for teenagers.&#xa; &#xa;Last year at this time, Awesomeness had not introduced its MTV -esque programs. Now the channel has about 400,000 subscribers and 80.6 million video views. A Nickelodeon show based on its
doc_id: 949
After Rough Patch, &#x2018;The Bachelor&#x2019; Wins Back Viewers
No matter which contestant Sean Lowe, the chiseled, strawberry blond, chooses as his fantasy fianc&#xE9;e on the three-hour season finale of ABC&#x2019;s &#x201C;The Bachelor&#x201D; on Monday &#x2014; will it be Catherine Giudici, 26, a quirky graphic designer from Seattle, or Lindsay Yenter, 25, a petite substitute teacher from Fort Bragg, N.C.?
doc_id: 950
ADVERTISING; Two Sides to a Deodorant Campaign
THE deodorant aisle was once more like the toothpaste aisle, with products mostly unisex rather than marketed strictly to men or women. But today, unisex deodorants account for only 12 percent of the market, according to the research firm Mintel, down from about 35 percent in 1990.&#xa; &#xa;Degree, which was introduced as a unisex brand in 1990,
doc_id: 951
MEDIA DECODER; For Marvel Comics, A Renewed Digital Mission
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; Like the rest of the publishing industry, comic books went digital long ago. You can catch up on Batman via mobile app and unfurl Wolverine&#x2019;s claws from your laptop. But Marvel Comics upped the ante significantly on Sunday, unveiling a superhero-size slate of new and expanded mobile and online initiatives.&#xa;
doc_id: 952
GLOBAL MANAGER; No Room for Lone Achievers
Patrick Imbardelli is president and chief executive of Pan Pacific Hotels Group, which operates more than 30 hotels in Asia, Australia and North America. &#xa; &#xa;Q. Do you remember the first time you became a manager? A. My father was a restaurateur in Melbourne, Australia, and when I was about 13 years old he put me in charge of the dishwashing
doc_id: 953
BITS; Touch Screens Come to Walls
REDMOND, Wash. &#x2014; There are technology companies that won&#x2019;t say anything about the futuristic inventions they&#x2019;re tinkering with in their labs &#x2014; Apple , for instance. &#xa; &#xa;Then there are the companies that won&#x2019;t stop talking about them. Think Google and its driverless cars and Google Glass . Microsoft is
doc_id: 954
THE MEDIA EQUATION; Martha&#x2019;s Brand Struggling For Right Fit
Media companies are often closely associated with their founders &#x2014; Rupert Murdoch at News Corporation and Sumner Redstone at Viacom come to mind &#x2014; but none are linked with their products in quite the way Martha Stewart is.&#xa; &#xa;Maybe that&#x2019;s why she can still draw a crowd, even when the subject is contract law. Add in her
doc_id: 955
Treasury Auctions Set for This Week
The Treasury&#x2019;s schedule of financing this week includes Monday&#x2019;s regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.09 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.11
doc_id: 956
BITS; Thanks? Don&#x2019;t Bother
Some people are so rude. Really, who sends an e-mail or text message that just says &#x201C;Thank you&#x201D;? Who leaves a voice mail message when you don&#x2019;t answer, rather than texting you? Who asks for a fact easily found on Google?&#xa; &#xa;Don&#x2019;t these people realize that they&#x2019;re wasting your time? Of course, some people
doc_id: 957
BITS; Instilling a Culture At Zappos
Why do some parties, companies and cities work, while others don&#x2019;t? It takes some social engineering to foster serendipity and creativity.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;You want to get all these creative people in a statistically small space,&#x201D; says Tony Hsieh, who built an effective company culture at Zappos.com , an online vendor of shoes and
doc_id: 958
POLITICAL ECONOMY; Italy&#x27;s Crisis Has Few Good Solutions
The markets are too sanguine about Italy. The country&#x2019;s politics and economics are messed up, and there are no easy solutions. And although Rome does have the European Central Bank as a backstop, it may have to get to the brink before using it.&#xa; &#xa;Investors had jitters after the election last month, pushing 10-year bond yields to 4.9
doc_id: 959
MEDIA DECODER; 2 Awards for Multicultural Books
A month ago a nonprofit called First Book, which promotes literacy among children in low-income communities, announced the Stories for All project, a program intended to prod publishers to print more multicultural books. Kyle Zimmer, First Book&#x2019;s chief executive, says that part of the motivation was the &#x201C;chasm&#x201D; between the
doc_id: 960
Algorithms Get A Human Hand In Steering Web
Trading stocks, targeting ads, steering political campaigns, arranging dates, besting people on &#x201C;Jeopardy&#x201D; and even choosing bra sizes : computer algorithms are doing all this work and more. &#xa; &#xa;But increasingly, behind the curtain there is a decidedly retro helper &#x2014; a human being. Although algorithms are growing ever
doc_id: 961
Click for Career Enhancement
SEATTLE &#x2014; Anyone who wants to learn calculus, statistics or ancient Greek history can take free online courses in those subjects at a variety of sites from instructors with distinguished academic pedigrees. For more mundane pursuits, like learning how to paddleboard or build a planter box for the garden, there is an inexhaustible supply of
doc_id: 962
Egypt Needs Structural Help From I.M.F., Not Loans, Minister Says
CAIRO &#x2014; Egypt needs broad structural measures, not stopgap financing, as part of a package from the International Monetary Fund to address its budget deficit, a cabinet member said Sunday.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;The help we are requesting from the I.M.F. is not quick fixes,&#x201D; the cabinet member, Ashraf al-Araby, the minister for planning
doc_id: 963
After Cashing In on Job Cuts, Wall St. Looks to Worker Upturn
Wall Street is hopeful that American companies, after years of gaining ground at the expense of their employees, will start to succeed because of the rising fortune of those workers. &#xa; &#xa;Less than a week since the Dow Jones industrial average hit its all-time high, the broader Standard &#x26; Poor&#x2019;s 500-stock index is on track to
doc_id: 964
Popular Demand
The week before the Oscars on Feb. 24, several contenders were available via video-on-demand, including &#x201C;Argo,&#x201D; which was named best picture. Other films included &#x201C;Skyfall,&#x201D; above, which won for best song; &#x201C;Anna Karenina,&#x201D; which won for costume design; and &#x201C;Flight,&#x201D; which was nominated for
doc_id: 965
STRATEGIES; Joining the Bandwagon? Don&#x2019;t Lose Your Balance
STOCKS are back. And that could be dangerous.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;This is one of those moments,&#x201D;said Louis S. Harvey, the president of Dalbar, a research firm in Boston. &#x201C;It&#x2019;s one of those times we warn about year after year.&#x201D; Mr. Harvey has been documenting inconsistencies in investor behavior for more than two decades,
doc_id: 966
ECONOMIC VIEW; Yes, We&#x2019;re Confident, But Who Knows Why
THE recovery in housing, the stock market and the overall economy has finally gained sustainable momentum &#x2014; or so it is said. &#xa; &#xa;That opinion seems to be based on several salient facts. Unemployment has been declining, from 10.0 percent in October 2009 to 7.7 percent last month. More spectacularly, the stock market has more than
doc_id: 967
LETTERS; A Fee-For-Health Model
To the Editor: &#xa; &#xa;Re &#x201C;Overcoming Obstacles to Better Health Care&#x201D; (Economic View, Feb. 24), in which Richard H. Thaler argued that &#x201C;doctors and hospitals should be paid for keeping their patients well&#x201D;: I&#x2019;m growing weary of the suggestion that a fee-for-health model of care is viable. Is Professor Thaler
doc_id: 968
The Price of Marriage
FROM her stakeout near the entrance of an H &#x26; M store in Joy City, a Beijing shopping mall, Yang Jing seemed lost in thought, twirling a strand of her auburn-tinted hair, tapping her nails on an aquamarine iPhone 4S. But her eyes kept moving. They tracked the clusters of young women zigzagging from Zara to Calvin Klein Jeans. They lingered on
doc_id: 969
The Chatter
&#x201C;What&#x2019;s amazing about this bull market is that people still don&#x2019;t think it&#x2019;s real.&#x201D;&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;Richard Bernstein, chief executive of Richard Bernstein Advisors, as the Dow Jones industrial average reached a record. &#x201C;It&#x2019;s almost a tale of two cities here.&#x201D; Rachel Lutz, who opened a clothing
doc_id: 970
LETTERS; Gauging Veterinarians&#x2019; Future
To the Editor:&#xa; &#xa; &#x201C;The Vet Debt Trap&#x201D; (Feb. 24), about the financial future of new veterinarians, offered some statistics that beg for perspective. First, the article used the example of a veterinarian with $312,000 in student loans and interest, but that level is more than twice the national average for veterinary medical
doc_id: 971
FAIR GAME; Corralling Mobsters, if Not Many Big Banks
EVERYONE knows about the mobsters and terrorists that Mary Jo White successfully put behind bars during her nine years as United States attorney for the Southern District of New York. Less well-known is Ms. White&#x2019;s record bringing cases against large financial institutions during her stint as the top criminal prosecutor in New York. &#xa;
doc_id: 972
THE BOSS; Trained by a Life of Change
DURING my earliest years, my father was in the Army and I often spent time with my grandparents, who farmed cotton and raised tobacco in rural Georgia. Later, my father and mother settled in Swainsboro, Ga., where my brother, seven years younger than me, was born. &#xa; &#xa;My father worked in an appliance store. My mother ran a day care center
doc_id: 973
LETTERS; The Minimum Wage and the Economy
To the Editor:&#xa; &#xa;In &#x201C;The Business of the Minimum Wage&#x201D; (Economic View, March 3), Christina D. Romer argued that if the minimum wage were increased, the amount of money redistributed to and spent by low-wage workers would be minuscule in comparison with the overall economy. That misses the point. At the heart of redistributive
doc_id: 974
THE HAGGLER; When Customer Service Isn&#x2019;t Even Half-Baked
SOME companies resolve consumer complaints in ways that are both efficient and empathetic, demonstrating not just a grasp of what defines good service but also the ways that brand loyalty is nurtured. Then there is Whirlpool .&#xa; &#xa;Q. We bought a Whirlpool microwave oven online last summer. It worked for four of the six months we&#x2019;ve
doc_id: 975
BITS; Online Emotions, in Hundreds of New Flavors
TO say that I like to send text messages is like saying Garfield likes lasagna. It is my expressive medium. On Wednesday alone, I sent at least 100 &#x2014; but I like to send more than just words. I&#x2019;m a big fan of using emoji, the colorful symbol alphabet that contains nearly a thousand images of cute animals, food items and expressive
doc_id: 976
CAREER COUCH; To Relocate Or Not? It&#x2019;s More Than Math
Q. You have been offered a job in another part of the country. How do you determine whether it makes sense to embark on such a major life change?&#xa; &#xa;A. Obviously, pay is one of the most important factors when deciding whether to move. Ideally, your new salary should allow you to maintain your current lifestyle in the new area. Create a chart
doc_id: 977
CORNER OFFICE; Getting Stuff Done: It&#x2019;s a Goal, and A Rating System
This interview with Kris Duggan, C.E.O. and a co-founder of Badgeville , which designs game-based programs for businesses, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant.&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;&#xA0; Q. How do you hire? A. The most important thing is to have a framework that everybody in the company knows. So we said: Let&#x2019;s just come up with something
doc_id: 978
BUSINESS BRIEFING | ECONOMIC REPORTS; Inventories Up 1.2%,. Biggest Rise In Over a Year
United States wholesalers increased stockpiles in January by the largest amount in 13 months, even though sales dropped sharply. Inventories at the wholesale level rose 1.2 percent in January compared with December, when inventories edged up 0.1 percent, the Commerce Department said Friday . It was the biggest gain since a similar increase in
doc_id: 979
Setback to Boeing&#x2019;s Hopes for Longer Range for 787
With the technologically advanced 787, Boeing offered airlines big fuel savings and better comfort for passengers. It also promised something else: the ability to reach just about any airport on the globe without having to stop.&#xa; &#xa;Boeing designed the jet to fly 330 minutes &#x2014; five-and-a-half hours &#x2014; from the nearest airport at
doc_id: 980
WEALTH MATTERS; Money Advice for People in Boom-or-Bust Fields
MORE financial advisers are focusing on a single clientele, say, doctors or athletes. That would seem to make sense, since concentrating on a single group of people gives advisers greater insight into the needs of those people. And if the advisers do a good job, they will get that client&#x2019;s colleagues as clients. &#xa; &#xa;Advisers can, of
doc_id: 981
BUCKS; Car Title Loans&#xd; Get Scrutiny
As payday loans come under more scrutiny, consumer advocates are also urging a closer look at a similar type of short-term loan often marketed to the poor: car title loans .&#xa; &#xa;Car title loans are short-term loans &#x2014; the typical term is 30 days &#x2014; secured by the title to the borrower&#x2019;s car. If consumers can&#x2019;t repay
doc_id: 982
OFF THE CHARTS; A Long Road Back for the Dow Industrials
MORE than five years after the stock market began to slide in the fall of 2007, the Dow Jones industrial average recovered all of the ground lost in the recession and rose to new highs this week.&#xa; &#xa;The Dow, the American market barometer with the longest history, has recorded only four longer periods in which the market was unable to set a
doc_id: 983
China Posts Surprising 22% Surge in Exports
BEIJING &#x2014; Chinese exports soared beyond forecasts to rise by a fifth in February from the level of a year ago, data from China&#x2019;s General Administration of Customs showed Friday, a sign that the country&#x2019;s modest economic revival is intact and a suggestion that global demand might also be on the mend.&#xa; &#xa;Chinese imports,
doc_id: 984
Jobless Rate Dips To Four-Year Low; 236,000 Jobs Added
The economy picked up speed in February, creating jobs at a pace that would substantially lower the unemployment rate. But Washington could put a stop to that.&#xa; &#xa;Even as analysts hailed a better-than-expected jobs report on Friday that pointed to an acceleration in growth, they warned that stronger employment gains are being put at risk by
doc_id: 985
COMMON SENSE; For Penney And Chief, Houseware Headache
Ron Johnson, the former head of retail at Apple and now the chief executive of J. C. Penney , testified this week that he&#x2019;d never ask anyone to breach a contract. He said he believed in &#x201C;perfect integrity&#x201D; as &#x201C;a matter of principle,&#x201D; and he readily agreed with the premise that &#x201C;it&#x2019;s important to
doc_id: 986
YOUR MONEY; For Parents-to-Be, a Few Financial and Legal Tips
Once you hold your new baby in your arms for the first time, the last thing on your mind is all of the money-related tasks and decisions you have to make. &#xa; &#xa;Handling this while you&#x2019;re bleary-eyed is guaranteed to lead to less-than-optimal choices. As a new mother myself, I did my best to prepare ahead of time. But nearly seven
doc_id: 987
J.&#x26;J. Loses First Case Over Faulty Hip Implant
A jury in Los Angeles on Friday ordered Johnson &#x26; Johnson to pay more than $8.3 million in damages to a Montana man in the first of more than 10,000 lawsuits pending against the medical products maker in connection with a now-recalled artificial hip.&#xa; &#xa;The 12-member panel, however, declined to issue punitive damages, saying the
doc_id: 988
Strong Report on Jobs Sends Shares Higher
Stocks rose again on Friday, buoyed by a monthly employment report showing a strengthening job market.&#xa; &#xa;The solid job growth suggests that employers are confident about the economy despite higher taxes and cuts in government spending. Optimism on job growth has been helping to drive up the stock market this year. Stocks have also gained on
doc_id: 989
MEDIA DECODER; News Corp. Newspapers Will Get a Parting Gift
News Corporation&#x2019;s new publishing company will receive a $2.6 billion infusion of cash and have no debt when it separates from the company&#x2019;s higher-growth cable channels and Hollywood studio this summer.&#xa; &#xa;In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday, the company confirmed what analysts had expected:
doc_id: 990
Man Who Helped Image Of Wal-Mart Steps Down
The chief burnisher of Wal-Mart Stores &#x2019; reputation is leaving the company as its image is under new strains.&#xa; &#xa;Wal-Mart said on Friday that Leslie Dach, a former aide in the Clinton administration who is credited with polishing the company&#x2019;s image through energy conservation, environmentally friendly packaging and
doc_id: 991
Major Grocer to Label Foods With Gene-Modified Content
Whole Foods Market , the grocery chain, on Friday became the first retailer in the United States to require labeling of all genetically modified foods sold in its stores, a move that some experts said could radically alter the food industry.&#xa; &#xa;A. C. Gallo, president of Whole Foods, said the new labeling requirement, to be in place within
doc_id: 992
Fitch Cuts Italy&#x2019;s Rating,&#xd; Citing Political Turmoil
ROME &#x2014; The Fitch ratings agency cut its assessment of Italy&#x2019;s sovereign credit by a notch on Friday, citing the abrupt emergence of fresh political turmoil that could push one of the euro zone&#x2019;s most pivotal economies, already in a deep slump, into a further slowdown.&#xa; &#xa;The lower rating of BBB+, down from A- before, was
doc_id: 993
DEALBOOK; K.K.R. To Buy Maker of Industrial Equipment
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts agreed on Friday to buy Gardner Denver for $3.9 billion, ending a sales process of months for the maker of industrial equipment like blowers and compressors.&#xa; &#xa;Under the terms of the deal, K.K.R. will pay $76 a share, a 3 percent premium to Gardner Denver&#x2019;s closing price on Thursday. The offer is also 39
doc_id: 994
Reality TV for the Red Planet
PARIS &#x2014; As Wernher von Braun , the rocket scientist, used to say, the most overwhelming obstacle to exploring the cosmos isn&#x2019;t gravity. It&#x2019;s the paperwork.&#xa; &#xa;Not to mention the money.&#xA0; So when Bas Lansdorp began dreaming more than a decade ago about establishing the first permanent human colony on Mars , his
doc_id: 995
DEALBOOK; A Bad Year In Britain For Banks, Not Bankers
8:57 p.m. | Updated &#xa;&#xa; &#xa;LONDON &#x2014; British banks have been suffering amid dismal earnings, scandals and regulatory investigations, but three of the country&#x2019;s largest financial firms handed out seven-figure pay packages to hundreds of employees last year. The disclosures this week add to the growing debate over compensation,
doc_id: 996
SHORTCUTS; How to Stop a Home Invasion When the Intruder Has Four Legs
A FEW weeks ago, around 3 a.m., we heard some glass knocked over downstairs. In a daze &#x2014; and not wanting to get out of bed &#x2014; I thought it was our cats fooling around. But my older son, who was closer to the action, raced upstairs shouting that a raccoon was sitting on the mantle.&#xa; &#xa;It&#x2019;s no mystery how the raccoon got
doc_id: 997
BUCKS; Medical Plans:&#xd; A Bigger Bite
Workers are paying a greater share of their health care costs, and that trend is likely to continue over the next several years, a new report on employer-based health plans finds.&#xa; &#xa;Employers still bear most of the cost of workplace health plans. But employees contribute 42 percent more for heath plan coverage than they did five years ago,
doc_id: 998
BUCKS; Troubles With Flood Insurance
This week&#x2019;s Your Money column tells the tale of Andrea and Stephen Kondaks, a couple whose Brooklyn home took in nearly eight feet of water during Hurricane Sandy. Dealing with the trauma and physical clean-up after the storm was hard enough. But Mrs. Kondaks has spent the last four months trying to convince the couple&#x2019;s flood insurer
doc_id: 999
Lillian Cahn, Creator of the Coach Handbag, Dies at 89
Lillian Cahn, who founded the Coach Leatherware Company in a Manhattan loft in 1961 with her husband, Miles, and went on to help produce the &#x201C;shopping bag&#x201D; tote and other handbags that have become ubiquitous accessories in the wardrobes of well-heeled American women, died on Monday in Manhattan. She was 89. &#xa; &#xa;Mr. Cahn
