doc_id: 1000
Red Sox and Bruins? Games Postponed
The Red Sox and Bruins&rsquo; games scheduled for Friday night in Boston have been postponed. The Red Sox were scheduled to play the Kansas City Royals at Fenway Park and the Bruins had a significant game scheduled against the Pittsburgh Penguins at TD Garden, but the manhunt for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings had all but closed down the
doc_id: 1001
LEADING OFF; Obsessing Over the N.F.L. Schedule
If you are looking at sports as a mindless exercise, the relentless march of awful real-world news this week has put you in good company. You suddenly have people crowding around the virtual water cooler of the Internet, fascinated by the release of the N.F.L. schedule. The Ravens at Broncos to start the season? Holy cow, we could talk about that
doc_id: 1002
Rutgers Suspends Lacrosse Coach Brian Brecht Amid Inquiry
Rutgers said Friday that it had suspended the head coach of its men&rsquo;s lacrosse team and was investigating accusations of verbal abuse, the latest developments in the athletics controversy that has gripped the university in recent weeks. The coach, Brian Brecht, who is in his second year, was suspended with pay. The university said in a
doc_id: 1003
2013 N.B.A. PLAYOFFS PREVIEW; In the 2013 N.B.A. Playoffs, It Is LeBron James vs. the World
At the beginning of the season the N.B.A. appeared to have two superpowers: the defending champion Miami Heat and the superstar-packed Los Angeles Lakers. While the Lakers proved unworthy of the attention, the Heat casually went about a season in which they put together the second longest winning streak in league history and made the rest of the
doc_id: 1004
How Far Can the Knicks Go in the N.B.A. Playoffs?
The Knicks won the Atlantic Division. Carmelo Anthony was the N.B.A.'s scoring leader. The team had its best record in 15 years, set the N.B.A. record for most 3-pointers and secured the second seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs. Joy has returned to Madison Square Garden. But all that will be meaningless without a successful run in the
doc_id: 1005
Near Boston Marathon?s Finish Line, No Talk of Defeat
BOSTON &mdash; On marathon day, Boylston Street has always been a place of completion and celebration instead of tragic disruption, a straightaway toward home where medals are hung around satisfied necks, not where tourniquets are tightened around mangled legs. Boylston represents old Boston with the Public Library and Copley Square, and new Boston
doc_id: 1006
Mets-Nationals Game Pits Harvey Against Strasburg
DENVER &mdash; Matt Harvey and Stephen Strasburg have exchanged only pleasantries, quick hellos as they passed each other at a California training facility run by the agency they share. But any cordiality will be cast aside when the two share the mound Friday night at Citi Field, trading blistering fastballs in what has been seen as one of the most
doc_id: 1007
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE HOCKEY; St. Cloud State Will Rename Hockey Arena After Herb Brooks
St. Cloud State will rename its hockey arena after Herb Brooks , the coach who guided the United States Olympic team to a gold medal in 1980. He also helped lead the St. Cloud State men&rsquo;s hockey team&rsquo;s move to N.C.A.A. Division I. Brooks died in an automobile accident in 2003. Sports Briefing | College Hockey
doc_id: 1008
LEADING OFF; At the Bruins Game, a Time to Rally
While everyone rolls out the clich&eacute; that sporting events after tragedies serve as some sort of healing mechanism, the people involved always know better. No one went to the Bruins game at the TD Garden Wednesday night thinking it would ease the city&rsquo;s pain from Monday&rsquo;s Boston Marathon bombings. But like many clich&eacute;s, it
doc_id: 1009
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; N.B.A. Flops Will Bring Fines
The N.B.A. said that players judged to have committed a flop during the playoffs would be fined $5,000 for the first violation, with the amount increasing for each subsequent flop. A fifth violation could result in a suspension. Sports Briefing | Pro Basketball
doc_id: 1010
Revealing Schedule, N.F.L. Gives Ravens an Early Challenge
The fingerprints on the Lombardi Trophy&rsquo;s silver were still fresh when the Baltimore Ravens learned they would not receive one of the usual perks for winning the Super Bowl, an opener at home. On Thursday, when the N.F.L. revealed its 2013 regular-season schedule, the Ravens learned just how badly sharing parking lots with the Baltimore
doc_id: 1011
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Ex-Pilot Worker Tells F.B.I. Browns Owner Jimmy Haslam Knew of Rebate Fraud
An F.B.I. agent&rsquo;s affidavit says an employee told the authorities that the Cleveland Browns owner Jimmy&nbsp;Haslam&nbsp;knew about rebate fraud at the truck stop chain his family owns. The employee told investigators that the rebate scheme was discussed in sales meetings attended by&nbsp;Haslam. The headquarters of the company, Pilot Flying
doc_id: 1012
Giants? Eli Manning Understands Victor Cruz?s Absence
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. &mdash; On a day when the Giants sought to showcase their key free-agent additions and allow General Manager Jerry Reese to talk about drafting the best players regardless of need, the most pressing questions Thursday involved a wide receiver conspicuous in his absence. That, of course, would be Victor Cruz, a restricted free
doc_id: 1013
Errol Mann, Kicker for Lions and Raiders, Dies at 71
Errol Mann, the place-kicker for the Oakland Raiders team that won the 1977 Super Bowl , died on April 11 at his home in Missoula, Mont. He was 71. His death was confirmed by the Sunset Memorial Funeral Home. The cause was a heart attack, The Missoulian reported. Mann spent 11 years in the National Football League, converting 177 of 276 field-goal
doc_id: 1014
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic Win; Andy Murray Falls in Monte Carlo
Rafael Nadal , the eight-time defending champion, extended his Monte Carlo Masters winning streak to 44 matches by beating Philipp Kohlschreiber, 6-2, 6-4, while second-ranked Andy Murray was routed, 6-1, 6-2, by Stanislas Wawrinka in the third round. Top-ranked Novak Djokovic put his sore right ankle to the test again, rallying from a set down for
doc_id: 1015
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE FOOTBALL; NBC and Notre Dame Extend Television Deal
NBC Sports Group announced a 10-year contract extension to televise Notre Dame games, doubling the length of its previous agreement. NBC and Notre Dame said the extension would begin in 2016 and run through the 2025 season. Terms were not disclosed, though the current five-year contract is reportedly worth an average of $15 million annually. Sports
doc_id: 1016
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Brian Davis Leads at RBC Heritage
Three years after his agonizing playoff loss at the RBC Heritage in Hilton Head, S.C., Brian Davis took the lead in the event with a six-under-par 65 in the opening round. The Australians Jason Day and Marc Leishman, who were in the top five at last week&rsquo;s Masters, carded 67s. Sports Briefing | Golf
doc_id: 1017
Pentti Lund, N.H.L.?s Top Rookie in ?49, Dies at 87
Pentti Lund, the National Hockey League&rsquo;s first prominent Finnish-born player and its 1949 rookie of the year, playing at wing for the Rangers, died on Tuesday in Thunder Bay, Ontario. He was 87. The cause was a stroke, said his daughter Joanne Miller. More than 160 Finns have played in the N.H.L., but long before the league began attracting
doc_id: 1018
RANGERS 6, PANTHERS 1; Rangers Cling to 8th Spot by Overwhelming Panthers
The Rangers awakened their slumbering power play, and Henrik Lundqvist was the usual fortress in goal as they dismantled the feeble Florida Panthers , 6-1, on Thursday night at Madison Square Garden to maintain their playoff position in the Eastern Conference. Derick Brassard and Mats Zuccarello each scored twice as the Rangers rebounded from a
doc_id: 1019
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Tavares and Islanders Win and Move Closer to Fifth Spot
John Tavares had two goals and an assist Thursday as the Islanders rallied past Toronto, 5-3, and moved within 2 points of the Maple Leafs for fifth place in the Eastern Conference. The Islanders overcame an early 2-0 deficit to win the first of five straight road games they will play to end the regular season. They improved to 13-5-2 away from
doc_id: 1020
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Robinson III and McGary Will Stay at Michigan
Glenn Robinson III and Mitch McGary will return to Michigan for their sophomore seasons. Robinson started all 39 games for Michigan this season and averaged 11 points. McGary averaged 7.5 points. Michigan has lost the national player of the year, Trey Burke, and guard Tim Hardaway Jr. to the N.B.A. draft . Sports Briefing | College Basketball
doc_id: 1021
Brittney Griner Comes Out, and Sports World Shrugs
One of the most dominant basketball players in recent memory came out as gay Wednesday, casually mentioning the fact in an interview as if it were an afterthought. The news media and the sports world seemed to treat it as such, too, with little mention of the star&rsquo;s sexuality showing up on social media or on message boards, and virtually no
doc_id: 1022
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Rutgers Settles With Rice
Rutgers&nbsp; reached a $475,000 settlement agreement with their fired basketball coach, Mike Rice, agreeing to pay him for the remaining two years of his contract. Under his contract, Rice was owed a little more than $1 million for the next two years. He was fired after being caught on video hitting, kicking and taunting players with antigay slurs
doc_id: 1023
Knicks? Prigioni Is Expected to Miss Playoff Opener
Coach Mike Woodson and Raymond Felton expect Pablo Prigioni to miss Game 1 of the Knicks &rsquo; first-round playoff series against the Boston Celtics on Saturday. Prigioni, a 35-year-old rookie, sprained his right ankle in Wednesday&rsquo;s regular-season finale against the Atlanta Hawks. He was on crutches as he watched Thursday&rsquo;s practice.
doc_id: 1024
Brittney Griner Comes Out, and Sports World Shrugs
One of the most dominant basketball players in recent memory came out as gay Wednesday, casually mentioning the fact in an interview as if it were an afterthought. The news media and the sports world seemed to treat it as such, too, with little mention of the star&rsquo;s sexuality showing up on social media or on message boards, and virtually no
doc_id: 1025
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; 76ers? Doug Collins Resigns and Pistons? Lawrence Frank and Cavaliers? Byron Scott Are Out
Doug Collins resigned Thursday after three seasons as coach of the Philadelphia 76ers and will remain with the franchise as an adviser. Josh Harris, the team owner, said Collins was not being pushed out. The Sixers&rsquo; season of promise soured quickly, starting with a knee injury to center Andrew Bynum. The Sixers were 34-48 and missed the
doc_id: 1026
DIAMONDBACKS 6, YANKEES 2 (12 INNINGS); Small Fracture to Delay Jeter?s Return to Yankees
For the first time since 1995, the Yankees will probably play more games without Derek Jeter than with him. Jeter, the Yankees&rsquo; captain and most popular player, will most likely be out until after the All-Star Game because of a small fracture in his surgically repaired left ankle. He originally fractured the ankle in October, in Game 1 of the
doc_id: 1027
ROUNDUP; Wieters Gives Orioles Their 17th Straight Extra-Inning Win
Matt Wieters hit a grand slam in the bottom of the 10th inning, and host Baltimore beat Tampa Bay, 10-6, on Thursday. It was Baltimore&rsquo;s 17th straight extra-inning victory, including 16 last season. Nolan Reimold and Steve Pearce also homered for the Orioles, who took two of three games from the Rays. Desmond Jennings, Evan Longoria, Jose
doc_id: 1028
Toronto Blue Jays? Start Slowed by Injuries and Poor Pitching
TORONTO &mdash; John Gibbons did not wait for a question when he took his seat at his postgame news conference here on Thursday. &ldquo;Good ballgame, good ballgame,&rdquo; repeated Gibbons, the manager of the Toronto Blue Jays . &ldquo;It&rsquo;s early in the season, but it&rsquo;s a game we really needed.&rdquo; Gibbons would not let himself be
doc_id: 1029
ROCKIES 11, METS 3; Mets Swept Out of Colorado by Rockies
DENVER &mdash; It was 28 degrees when the first pitch was thrown Thursday afternoon, so excuse the Mets if they seemed eager to leave Denver. After a week of sitting around frigid dugouts and quiet hotel rooms, waiting out snow that trailed them around the country, the Mets lost to the Colorado Rockies, 11-3, bringing an end to a cold and peculiar
doc_id: 1030
SPORTS BRIEFING | CYCLING; Chris Hoy, Top Scottish Rider, Retires at 37
The six-time Olympic gold medalist Chris Hoy retired from cycling. Hoy, 37, decided to quit now rather than compete in the 2014 Commonwealth Games in his native Scotland, where the track cycling will take place in Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome in Glasgow. He is cycling&rsquo;s most successful Olympian, winning his first gold medal in Athens in 2004,
doc_id: 1031
SPORTS BRIEFING | BADMINTON; Video Replay Adopted for Badminton
Badminton will introduce instant video review in June. The world federation says it wants &ldquo;complete fairness&rdquo; for line calls. Sports Briefing | Badminton
doc_id: 1032
LEADING OFF; Pat Summerall, a Voice of Football, and So Much More
Pat Summerall, who died Tuesday at age 82, was probably best known as a football announcer. Or was it for his coverage of the Masters? Or for the field goal he kicked for the Giants against the Browns in the winter of 1952? As Steve Wulf writes at ESPN, Summerall was one interesting guy, &ldquo;so much more than a broadcaster.&rdquo; His public
doc_id: 1033
SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING; Nascar Issues Suspensions
Nascar suspended four members of the defending Sprint Cup champion Brad Keselowski&rsquo;s team and three from his teammate Joey Logano&rsquo;s for seven races each, saying they used parts without approval before last weekend&rsquo;s race in Texas. The series also stripped the drivers and their owners of 25 points each, meaning Keselowski will drop
doc_id: 1034
AN APPRAISAL; Pat Summerall Made the Most of His Gifts and His Flaws
Pat Summerall &rsquo;s hotel room in Minneapolis was a mess. Clothes were strewn on the bed. There were empty bottles of booze. It was 1992, two or three days before he was to broadcast Super Bowl XXVI for CBS. He found a place to sit and discussed almost anything but the game: fun times with Mickey Mantle and their girlfriends, the gambling tips
doc_id: 1035
Before They Add Players, Jets Must Decide Which of Theirs They?ll Keep
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. &mdash; The N.F.L. draft looms large for the rebuilding Jets , who are in their current position &mdash; upending their roster, overhauling their coaching staff, hiring a new general manager &mdash; in part because of their missteps at this time of year. Their needs are so plentiful that it is feasible they could use their
doc_id: 1036
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Gap Narrows in England
Manchester United was held to a 2-2 draw at West Ham, and second-place Manchester City beat Wigan, 1-0, to cut United&rsquo;s lead to 13 points in England&rsquo;s Premier League with a game in hand and six games to play. &para; Paris St.-Germain was eliminated from the French Cup quarterfinals after losing a shootout to Evian. &para; Roma beat
doc_id: 1037
Blackburn Rovers, Once an Overachieving Club, Has Fallen
BLACKBURN, England &mdash; Neil Thornton, enjoying a drink at a restaurant inside Blackburn Rovers&rsquo; Ewood Park, smiled when he recalled his wedding reception. It was held at a suite inside the stadium in 1995, and he could glimpse the seat he occupied as a season-ticket holder. &ldquo;My partner didn&rsquo;t mind,&rdquo; Thornton, 47, said.
doc_id: 1038
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Red Bulls Are Shut Out
Goalkeeper Jimmy Nielsen extended his scoreless streak to 519 minutes with his fifth straight shutout in Sporting Kansas City&rsquo;s 1-0 victory over the Red Bulls in Harrison, N.J. Thierry Henry had a chance to break Nielsen&rsquo;s scoreless run in the 64th minute, but pushed his shot inches wide of the right post. The Red Bulls dropped to
doc_id: 1039
Nearing End of Contract, Elias Faces Murky Future
NEWARK &mdash; Goalie Martin Brodeur was asked recently whether he thought the Devils should make every effort to keep left wing Patrik Elias from leaving as a free agent after the season. He threw back his head and laughed ruefully before responding. &ldquo;For sure,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;We can&rsquo;t afford to lose too many more guys.&rdquo;
doc_id: 1040
Islanders? Quest for the Playoffs Is a Road Show
UNIONDALE, N.Y. &mdash; As the lockout-shortened 48-game N.H.L. regular season nears a close, the resurgent Islanders face the challenge of playing their final five games on the road. That would be a daunting task for most clubs, but for the Islanders, it may be an advantage. Seeking their first postseason berth since 2007, the Islanders are 12-5-2
doc_id: 1041
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASKETBALL; Hardaway to Enter Draft
Tim Hardaway Jr. said Wednesday that he would forgo his senior season at Michigan and enter the N.B.A. draft . He is the second Michigan player to declare early for this year&rsquo;s draft; Trey Burke, a sophomore and the national player of the year, announced his departure last Sunday. Hardaway&rsquo;s father played in the N.B.A. from 1989 to
doc_id: 1042
NETS 103, PISTONS 99; Nets Beat Pistons in Season Finale to Set Up Series With Bulls
The Nets have been in playoff mode for almost a week now, making the last two games of the regular season largely irrelevant and, to put it bluntly, a bit of a drag. They spent Monday tending to the tired needs of their starters; they spent Wednesday praying those same starters would stay upright. They did not do much scoreboard watching either,
doc_id: 1043
Money, Arena and India Play Into Potential Sale of Kings
As N.B.A. owners debate the merits of the two groups vying to buy the Sacramento Kings , including at their two-day meeting in New York on Thursday and Friday, they will scrutinize the size of each group&rsquo;s bid and each&rsquo;s ability to build a new arena. The group led by Christopher R. Hansen, a hedge fund manager, and Steven A. Ballmer ,
doc_id: 1044
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASKETBALL; Auriemma Suit Dismissed
A judge in New York has dismissed an N.B.A. security official&rsquo;s discrimination and assault lawsuit against Geno Auriemma , the University of Connecticut women&rsquo;s basketball coach; the N.B.A.; and USA Basketball, saying the offenses charged did not happen in New York. Kelley Hardwick said she was removed from the security detail of the
doc_id: 1045
Lakers Earn Playoff Spot
LOS ANGELES &mdash; When Mike D&rsquo;Antoni took over as the Lakers &rsquo; coach in November, he felt that he had a big problem. Two of them, actually. He did not think there was any way he could keep Dwight Howard and Pau Gasol on the court at the same time. &ldquo;I was skeptical at first, mainly because Dwight wasn&rsquo;t 100 percent and
doc_id: 1046
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Bulls Clinch Fifth Seed in Eastern Conference
Carlos Boozer had 19 points and 15 rebounds to help the host Chicago Bulls clinch the fifth seed in the Eastern Conference with a 95-92 win over the Washington Wizards in the regular-season finale Wednesday night. Kirk Hinrich added 18 points and Nazr Mohammed had 17 for the Bulls, who will face the Nets in the opening round of the playoffs. The
doc_id: 1047
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; Knicks? Stoudemire Is Subject of New Documentary
Beginning Thursday, Amar&rsquo;e Stoudemire will watch his life flash before his eyes on the big screen. His documentary &ldquo;In the Moment&rdquo; is to be released as the Knicks start what many long-suffering fans hope will be a deep playoff run. Ideally, the film, which will be screened Thursday in Manhattan and will be available on the TV
doc_id: 1048
KNICKS 98, HAWKS 92; In Synopsis of Season, Knicks Win Brings New Injury
Hours before the season&rsquo;s final game, 198 days after they opened camp, the Knicks gathered for another round of introductions, farewells and welcome-backs. They said goodbye to Rasheed Wallace, who announced his retirement Wednesday, after an aborted comeback from foot surgery. They said hello to Earl Barron, a 31-year-old journeyman, who
doc_id: 1049
M.L.B. ROUNDUP; Jeff Francoeur and Royals End Braves? 10-Game Winning Streak
Dan Uggla flipped his bat to the ground. Then his helmet. Then both batting gloves. The game was over, and so was Atlanta&rsquo;s 10-game winning streak. Led by Wade Davis&rsquo;s pitching and Jeff Francoeur&rsquo;s run-scoring single, the visiting Kansas City Royals defeated the Braves , 1-0, on Wednesday. &ldquo;We feel like we can win every one
doc_id: 1050
Miami Marlins Preaching Patience to the Empty Seats
MIAMI &mdash; In the shadow of the soaring home run sculpture, below a sports bar and above a nightclub, Noel Rodriguez sipped a beer and watched his favorite team lose by seven runs Monday night. He wore a bright orange jersey, No. 7, with Jose Reyes&rsquo;s name stitched on the back. He paid $100 for it last year, he said, and within months it
doc_id: 1051
YANKEES 4, DIAMONDBACKS 3; C. C. Sabathia Loses Velocity but Wins Anyway
Age is unkind to all athletes, but especially to starting pitchers. A pitcher who can adjust as his arm deteriorates is one who will have a long, successful career. Which raises the question of how age will eventually treat 32-year-old C. C. Sabathia . For most of his career, Sabathia was the mountainous ace with a lively fastball that overpowered
doc_id: 1052
Mets Hoping Wintry Blast Doesn?t Leave Them in a Cold Spell
DENVER &mdash; Ballplayers who are asked about bad-weather games tend to offer some variation of the same stock response: Both teams played in it. But when the Mets return home this weekend after their strange journey through baseball towns turned tundra, only one of the teams at Citi Field will have endured a week&rsquo;s worth of wintry weather.
doc_id: 1053
Mark Teixeira of Yankees Is Swinging Bat Again
On the most restless days of his rehabilitation from a partially torn tendon sheath in his right wrist, Mark Teixeira would head into his office at home and pretend to check an e-mail. In reality, Teixeira was only finding an excuse to grab the bat he kept there. He would hold the bat and twirl it a bit, and it felt comfortable, familiar. But that
doc_id: 1054
SPORTS BRIEFING | CYCLING; Spaniard Wins in Belgium
Daniel Moreno of Spain left his rivals on the steep climb to the finish line to win the La Fl&egrave;che Wallonne one-day race in Belgium. Sports Briefing | Cycling
doc_id: 1055
Security Poses a Wider Challenge for Marathons
Investigators in Boston are still sifting through evidence to determine who set the bombs that killed three people and injured scores on Monday. But the explosions at the Boston Marathon have already raised a chilling and perhaps unanswerable question for organizers of other major road races: how to better police events that can include tens of
doc_id: 1056
LEADING OFF; In Boston, Tragedy and Triumph ? Leading Off
Acts of terror typically rip apart ordinary days, turn routine trips to work or school into pits of pain and heartache. That is what made the shock of Monday&rsquo;s blasts at the Boston Marathon finish line so different. Patriots&rsquo; Day in Boston is no ordinary day. It&rsquo;s a day to celebrate America&rsquo;s essential character. The
doc_id: 1057
Pat Summerall, Star With N.F.L. Giants and on TV, Dies at 82
Pat Summerall , the Giants&rsquo; outstanding place-kicker who went on to team with John Madden for 21 seasons in network television&rsquo;s most prominent N.F.L. broadcast twosome, died on Tuesday in Dallas. He was 82. A family spokeswoman, Valerie Bell, said Summerall had been at Zale Lipshy University Hospital since Thursday, when he broke a hip
doc_id: 1058
SPORTS BRIEFING | FOOTBALL; Alabama Coordinator Receives a Raise
Kirby Smart, the defensive coordinator for Alabama, the reigning national champion, is receiving a hefty raise while the salary of his boss, Nick Saban, is staying put. University trustees on Tuesday approved a three-year deal that would be worth $3.85 million for Smart. Saban&rsquo;s terms and salary &mdash; he received a deal in March 2012 worth
doc_id: 1059
Browns Owner Jimmy Haslam?s Business Is Under Investigation
After Jimmy Haslam bought the Cleveland Browns in the summer, he stood in the middle of a field at his very first practice, wearing a Browns T-shirt and shorts, a promising sign that the franchise &mdash; one of the N.F.L.&rsquo;s most storied, but long lagging while in the hands-off control of the former owner Randy Lerner &mdash; would finally
doc_id: 1060
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Bayern Munich in German Cup Final
Mario Gomez needed nine minutes to score a hat trick after coming on as a substitute in a 6-1 win over Wolfsburg that put Bayern Munich into the German Cup final for the 19th time. Bayern is on course for a domestic double after securing the Bundesliga championship 10 days ago. &para; Arsenal missed a chance to tighten its grip on third in the
doc_id: 1061
ON COLLEGE FOOTBALL; N.C.A.A.?s Case Against Oregon Moves Slowly
The news this week came from the University of Oregon , but it could have come from anywhere. Two local outlets, the newspaper The Oregonian and the television station KATU, obtained a report through public records that detailed the interplay between Oregon&rsquo;s athletic department and N.C.A.A. investigators. The report provided new details of
doc_id: 1062
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Yankee Stadium Set to Host Two Winter Classic Games
The Winter Classic will be expanded to six games next season, including two at Yankee Stadium involving all three metropolitan-area teams, according to a person briefed on matter but not authorized to speak publicly. The Canadian network TSN reported that the Rangers are tentatively scheduled to play the Devils at the Stadium on Jan. 26, followed
doc_id: 1063
FLYERS 4, RANGERS 2; Rangers Fall to Flyers With Time Running Out on Playoff Push
PHILADELPHIA &mdash; The Rangers continue to baffle themselves and their fans with less than two weeks remaining in the regular season. Entering Tuesday&rsquo;s game against the Philadelphia Flyers, the Rangers held the last playoff berth and were 5-1-1 in their last seven games. The Flyers were in 12th place, all but out of the picture. The
doc_id: 1064
Bruins and Sabres Prepare to Play On After Bombings
BUFFALO (AP) &mdash; In the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings, the Buffalo Sabres rookie defenseman Chad Ruhwedel has one more reason to be thankful for making the jump to the N.H.L. Had Ruhwedel not elected to end his college career at UMass-Lowell to sign with Buffalo last weekend, he would have likely spent Monday with his friends
doc_id: 1065
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASKETBALL; DeRozan and Raptors Top Playoff-Bound Hawks
DeMar DeRozan scored 30 points and Rudy Gay had 22 to lead the Toronto Raptors past the playoff-bound Hawks, 113-96, in Atlanta. The Raptors made two-thirds of their shots in the first half, sprinting to a 68-51 lead. Atlanta went mostly with backups, showing no sense of urgency to claim the No. 5 seed in the Eastern Conference. Atlanta fell into a
doc_id: 1066
Lakers? Metta World Peace Has Become a Team Leader
LOS ANGELES &mdash; It has been well established that Metta World Peace tends to have unique perspectives on matters large and small. So it did not come as a huge surprise to hear his take on the Lakers &rsquo; late-season surge. How about Steve Blake going for 23 points in Sunday&rsquo;s critical win over the San Antonio Spurs? &ldquo;He was his
doc_id: 1067
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASKETBALL; Spurs Sign McGrady, Adding Depth for Playoffs
The San Antonio Spurs signed the veteran forward Tracy McGrady , adding depth and experience as the playoffs arrive. McGrady, 33, is a seven-time N.B.A. All-Star. In 938 career games, McGrady has averaged 19.6 points, 5.6 rebounds and 4.4 assists per game. &para; One shy of setting a new N.B.A. standard, the question circulating around the Golden
doc_id: 1068
Quentin Richardson Is Back With the Knicks
One of the many intriguing themes for the Knicks this season &mdash; besides having the oldest roster in the league, attempting a bevy of 3-pointers and watching the maturation of Carmelo Anthony &mdash; is how the team has welcomed back one former player after another. Marcus Camby and Raymond Felton are both in their second stints with the
doc_id: 1069
ON PRO BASKETBALL; Nets? First Season in Brooklyn Is Promising
The fourth quarter was about to begin Monday night at Barclays Center when a single voice boomed above the din, shouting at the assembled masses, imploring them through every subwoofer: &ldquo;We&rsquo;re in a tight one!&rdquo; David Diamante, the exuberant public-address man, exclaimed. &ldquo;We got to support our Nets and show these guys some
doc_id: 1070
BASEBALL ROUNDUP; Red Sox Beat Indians Amid Solemn Tributes
Mike Napoli hit a three-run double in a seven-run second inning as the Boston Red Sox , playing with heavy hearts one day after deadly bombings back home, beat the Cleveland Indians , 7-2, on Tuesday night. Boston&rsquo;s players were already en route to Cleveland when they learned of the explosions near the Boston Marathon &rsquo;s finish line.
doc_id: 1071
Before Mets-Rockies, Everybody Grabs a Snow Shovel
DENVER &mdash; The simple sight of dirt and grass here Tuesday afternoon was, at least by baseball standards, a fairly extraordinary thing. An overnight snowstorm brought around a foot of snow to downtown Denver, and as few as five hours before Juan Nicasio of the Colorado Rockies threw the first pitch to Jordany Valdespin of the Mets , there was
doc_id: 1072
Joe Girardi Says Derek Jeter?s Scaled Back Workload Isn?t Setback
Derek Jeter continues to make a methodical recovery from a broken left ankle, although he has reduced his workload the past few days so that he does not put too much stress on the ankle, Manager Joe Girardi said. Girardi confirmed an Associated Press report from Monday that Jeter had done less in recent days than in the previous week. But Girardi
doc_id: 1073
YANKEES 4, DIAMONDBACKS 2; Yankees Top Diamondbacks, 4-2, on a Night Honoring No. 42
On a night when the Yankees and the Arizona Diamondbacks honored the legacy of Jackie Robinson , the No. 42 was everywhere. Each Yankees and Diamondbacks player wore a jersey with that number to honor Robinson, who wore it when he broke the major league baseball color barrier in 1947. But the two players who regularly honor Robinson every day of
doc_id: 1074
Bob Wolff, a Broadcaster Who Saved His Work, Has Much to Share
WASHINGTON &mdash; In their final years before moving to Minnesota, the Washington Senators struggled to keep fans interested. They were never contenders. Their statistics, generally, were so meager that their broadcaster rarely cited them. &ldquo;I wasn&rsquo;t too big on telling people, &lsquo;This guy&rsquo;s now hitting
doc_id: 1075
Shannon Galpin Has a Mission, Putting Afghans on Bikes
In November, Shannon Galpin was riding her single-speed mountain bike through the hills outside Kabul. It was her 11th visit to Afghanistan , and she had grown accustomed to the sight of camel caravans, abandoned Soviet tanks and soldiers sweeping the desert for land mines. One thing she had not seen was another woman on a bicycle. But one
doc_id: 1076
LEADING OFF; Swoon Over the Masters
Ever since Adam Scott dropped to his knees after his putt plunked into the cup on the second playoff hole at the Masters Sunday evening, golf has been in full swoon. The golfing gods couldn&rsquo;t have come up with a champion they&rsquo;d love more if had they drawn him up in an animation studio. He is young and fun and personable and as the young
doc_id: 1077
Ultrarunner Lizzy Hawker?s Pursuit of Self
Lizzy Hawker had just finished running a nine-stage race through some of Nepal&rsquo;s wildest trails when she learned that her flight back to Katmandu, about 200 miles away, was canceled because of bad weather. So, rather than wait for the next flight, she ran there. There were no cheering fans, other competitors or prizes. Instead, Hawker, a
doc_id: 1078
Carl Williams, Heavyweight Boxing Champion, Dies at 53
Carl Williams, a former heavyweight champion who built a reputation for climbing into the ring with the best boxers of his era, including Larry Holmes and Mike Tyson, died on April 7 in Valhalla, N.Y. He was 53. The cause was complications of throat cancer, said his sister, Shirl Parsons. Williams, who died at Westchester Medical Center, lived in
doc_id: 1079
SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING; Step Taken Toward Indianapolis Aid
A proposal for state assistance toward millions of dollars in improvements at Indianapolis Motor Speedway cleared the Indiana House after members took an unusual second vote. The House voted, 56-36, to advance the plan after it earlier fell short of the necessary 51 votes when representatives split, 47-46. Sports Briefing | Auto Racing
doc_id: 1080
Gathering for Spring Camp, Jets Are Unsure Who?ll Be Back in Fall
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. &mdash; Darrelle Revis, the star cornerback recuperating from a torn anterior cruciate ligament, silently motored past a cluster of reporters in his silver Mini Cooper on Monday, perhaps unsure of how many more times he will turn onto Jets Drive. Mark Sanchez , whose 26 turnovers had much to do with the Jets&rsquo; 6-10 flop last
doc_id: 1081
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Arturo Vidal Helps Juventus Rolls On
Juventus maintained its march to a 29th Serie A title as it beat Lazio, 2-0, to increase its first-place lead to 11 points. Arturo Vidal, who had not scored since November, had both goals. Sports Briefing | Soccer
doc_id: 1082
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; French Open Prize Money Increases
Prize money at the French Open will rise for both singles champions and players who lose in some of the early rounds. Roland Garros organizers said that the overall total for the tournament would grow to $28.7 million, from $24.6 million, with the winners receiving $1.96 million compared with $1.64 million in 2012. Sports Briefing | Tennis
doc_id: 1083
ON GOLF; At Masters, a Swan Song for Long Putters
AUGUSTA, Ga. The 10-foot putt dropped, and Adam Scott&rsquo;s star ascended. Nine years before a 10-foot birdie putt on the second playoff hole won him the Masters , Scott drained a putt from the same distance at the Players Championship to become, at 23, the youngest winner of the event, prompting the golf analyst Johnny Miller to say, &ldquo;This
doc_id: 1084
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Inbee Park Is New No. 1 in Women?s Golf Rankings
Inbee Park took over the top spot in the women&rsquo;s golf rankings, ending Stacy Lewis&rsquo;s four-week run at No. 1. Park moved ahead of Lewis eight days after winning the Kraft Nabisco Championship for her second major title and second victory of the year. Park, a 24-year-old South Korean, also won the L.P.G.A. Thailand in February. Sports
doc_id: 1085
Rangers Pin Hopes on Henrik Lundqvist
GREENBURGH, N.Y. &mdash; The Rangers are clinging to the last playoff spot in the Eastern Conference, and their hopes are riding on (who else?) goaltender Henrik Lundqvist . Entering Tuesday&rsquo;s game against the Philadelphia Flyers, the Rangers are playing well &mdash; 5-1-1 in their last seven games &mdash; with an invigorated sense of
doc_id: 1086
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; Injured Sidney Crosby Is Back on Skates
The Pittsburgh Penguins star Sidney Crosby skated before the team&rsquo;s practice but remains sidelined indefinitely with a broken jaw. Crosby wore a protective mask while skating. Coach Dan Bylsma called the development positive but said there was no timetable for Crosby&rsquo;s return. Sports Briefing | Hockey
doc_id: 1087
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Listless Devils Fall to 10th Straight Loss
James Reimer made 31 saves and Phil Kessel broke a scoreless tie late in the third period to lift the host Maple Leafs to a 2-0 victory over the Devils on Monday. Toronto won despite recording only 12 shots. Kessel broke the deadlock with a power-play goal at 13 minutes 28 seconds of the third, and Jay McClement scored into an empty net with 36.6
doc_id: 1088
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Brittney Griner Is No. 1 Pick in W.N.B.A. Draft
The Phoenix Mercury took Brittney Griner of Baylor with the top pick in the W.N.B.A. draft on Monday night in Bristol, Conn. Griner finished as the second-leading scorer in women&rsquo;s N.C.A.A. history, with 3,283 points. She is the top shot-blocker ever and had a record 18 dunks. The Chicago Sky chose Elena Delle Donne with the No. 2 pick. She
doc_id: 1089
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Kentucky Freshman Nerlens Noel to Enter N.B.A. Draft
Kentucky forward Nerlens Noel will enter the N.B.A. draft . Noel, a 6-foot-10 freshman, is projected to be a lottery pick despite sustaining a season-ending knee injury Feb. 12. He led the nation with 4.4 blocks a game, and averaged 10.5 points and 9.5 rebounds. Noel also had 50 steals for Kentucky (21-12), earning Southeastern Conference defensive
doc_id: 1090
NETS 106, WIZARDS 101; Nets Top Wizards as Humphries and Blatche Each Score 20
Before he stepped onto the podium for a pregame news conference, Nets Coach P. J. Carlesimo was handed a white sheet with a list of six names: the night&rsquo;s injury report. He took a look and made a slight cringe. Among those named: Deron Williams, Brook Lopez, Joe Johnson, Reggie Evans, Keith Bogans &mdash; the five starters from Sunday
doc_id: 1091
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO SPORTS; Boston Games Are Off
The N.H.L. postponed Monday&rsquo;s Ottawa Senators - Boston&nbsp;Bruins &nbsp;game in Boston in the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings. No makeup date was scheduled. The Boston Celtics &rsquo; game scheduled for Tuesday against the Indiana Pacers was canceled and will not be rescheduled. The Celtics and the Pacers already have clinched
doc_id: 1092
BOBCATS 106, KNICKS 95; Sore Foot Shortens Wallace?s Return to Knicks
CHARLOTTE, N.C. &mdash; With Carmelo Anthony , Tyson Chandler, Kenyon Martin, J. R. Smith and Amar&rsquo;e Stoudemire not on this trip to Charlotte and the injured Marcus Camby suited but not playing, the Knicks were down to eight players for Monday night&rsquo;s game against the Bobcats. Make that seven-ish &mdash; Coach Mike Woodson planned to
doc_id: 1093
ON PRO BASKETBALL; Donnie Walsh, Ex-Architect of Knicks, Admires Completed Work
The calendar placed Donnie Walsh at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, just in time to see the Knicks secure the No. 2 slot in the East and a playoff reunion with the Boston Celtics , proving once more that the basketball fates have a wicked sense of timing and symmetry. Five years ago, a broken, bloated Knicks roster was placed in Walsh&rsquo;s
doc_id: 1094
Lacking Bryant, Lakers Exude Confidence
LOS ANGELES &mdash; Last summer seems so long ago for the Los Angeles Lakers . While Kobe Bryant was in London winning his second gold medal as a member of the United States Olympic men&rsquo;s basketball team, the stateside hype over the coming N.B.A. season was just beginning. Bryant was about to be joined by Steve Nash and Dwight Howard to form
doc_id: 1095
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Heat Win Without LeBron James
LeBron James watched from the bench in street clothes as Norris Cole stripped Kyrie Irving of the ball with 2.2 seconds left to give the Miami Heat , resting most of their top players for the playoffs, a 96-95 win over the host Cleveland Cavaliers . Cole finished with 18 points, 11 rebounds and 9 assists. Chris Bosh and Mario Chalmers joined James
doc_id: 1096
Mets Have 2nd Straight Game Postponed, This One in Colorado
DENVER &mdash; The baseball game scheduled here for Monday night was canceled after a snowstorm passed through and covered the area with several inches of accumulation. But there was still work to be done. So the Mets players bundled up &mdash; looking more like snowboarders than baseball players &mdash; and ventured into the newly white outfield
doc_id: 1097
Rabbi Helps Expand Jackie Robinson Tribute to Youth Leagues
It was April 15, 2009, when David Zaslow, a rabbi in Ashland, Ore., plopped on his living room sofa to catch some of the day&rsquo;s baseball highlights. Born in Coney Island and raised as a devout fan of the Brooklyn Dodgers (for his call to prayer, instead of instructing the congregation to look east toward Jerusalem, he prefers to say east
doc_id: 1098
ROUNDUP; Red Sox Finish Game With Rays Before Bombings
The Red Sox and the Tampa Bay Rays were making their way out of Fenway Park when two explosions near the finish line of the Boston Marathon were heard at the stadium. The game, a 3-2 Red Sox victory, began at 11:05 a.m. Eastern and ended about 2:10 p.m. A little less than an hour after that, about a mile away, the explosions in Copley Square could
doc_id: 1099
Yankees? Overbay, Hafner, Wells and Youkilis Filling Gaps
Lyle Overbay laughed when he was compared with Derek Jeter . The notion that he &mdash; a 36-year-old first baseman long removed from his best years &mdash; could fill the void left by Jeter made him giggle. &ldquo;There&rsquo;s nothing to talk about with me,&rdquo; Overbay said, recalling his emergency signing by the Yankees five days before the
doc_id: 1100
A Runway 5K at J.F.K. Airport
As a pilot, Alexander Richards spends a fair amount of his time on runways. But as he arrived at John F. Kennedy International Airport in Queens early Sunday morning, he had a different flight plan in mind: he was going to run on the runway. Those looking forward to the Boston Marathon on Monday may have missed a lesser-known event that drew
doc_id: 1101
SPORTS BRIEFING | MARATHON; Boston Weather Promising for Marathon
The heat for the 2012 Boston Marathon was unprecedented, and so was the offer: any of the 27,000 runners registered were permitted to skip the race and automatically qualify for the 2013 edition instead. About 2,300 people took race organizers up on the deal. Smart move. By postponing their plans for a year, they are expected to be greeted with
doc_id: 1102
SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING; Fernando Alonso Wins at Chinese Grand Prix
The Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso announced himself as a strong contender for the Formula One championship with a comfortable victory at the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai. The victory was Alonso&rsquo;s 31st, tying him with Nigel Mansell on the career list, behind Michael Schumacher, Alain Prost and Ayrton Senna. Sports Briefing | Auto Racing
doc_id: 1103
Receiver Emmanuel Sanders Staying With Steelers
The free-agent wide receiver Emmanuel Sanders is sticking with Pittsburgh. The Steelers said they matched the $2.5 million offer the New England Patriots made to Sanders last week. Pittsburgh would have received a third-round pick from New England if it had let Sanders go to the Patriots. Instead, Sanders will probably be second on the depth chart
doc_id: 1104
MANCHESTER CITY 2, CHELSEA 1; For Manchester City, F.A. Cup Final Offers a Consolation Prize
LONDON &mdash; On Saturday, there was ugliness at Wembley, as the bloodied faces of a group of Millwall fans &mdash; who pummeled one another, and the police, in the stands in a grim episode of in-game violence &mdash; overshadowed Wigan&rsquo;s victory in an F.A. Cup semifinal. On Sunday, the lasting image of the second semifinal at
doc_id: 1105
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Dynamo Set Record for Longest Home Unbeaten Streak
Brad Davis had a goal and an assist, and the Houston Dynamo set an Major League Soccer record for longest home unbeaten streak in all competitions with a 2-1 victory over the Chicago Fire on Sunday. Houston (4-2) has not lost a home game across all competitions in 35 matches. The previous record was set by Real Salt Lake from 2009 to &rsquo;11.
doc_id: 1106
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; John Isner Wins U.S. Men?s Clay Court Championship
John Isner had seven aces and won the battle of big serves with a 6-3, 7-5 victory over Nicolas Alm&aacute;gro in the final of the U.S. Men&rsquo;s Clay Court Championship in Houston. Isner won his first tournament of the year and the sixth of his career. He had a record 64 aces for the tournament. Sports Briefing | Tennis
doc_id: 1107
ON GOLF; A Strange Journey for Tiger Woods Through Golf?s Majors
AUGUSTA, Ga. For Tiger Woods , the long, strange journey through golf&rsquo;s majors since his 2009 crash into a fire hydrant continues. And it is getting odder all the time. Woods has played in 11 major championships in the post-marital-scandal period of his career, and in that time he has thrown away opportunities to win his 15th major with
doc_id: 1108
Adam Scott Wins Playoff, Becoming First Australian to Win Masters
AUGUSTA, Ga. &mdash; With two strokes using his long putter, once considered the dullest tool in his bag, Adam Scott expunged one bitter memory that was 266 days old and another that had lingered in a country&rsquo;s consciousness for 17 years. Scott became the first Australian to win the Masters when he drained a 12-foot birdie putt on the second
doc_id: 1109
ON PAR; 12 Over at Age 14? For Guan, a Week to Grow On
AUGUSTA, Ga. &mdash; At the last hole, Guan Tianlang retrieved his ball from the cup after ending his first Masters with his 48th par. The fans ringing the 18th green gave him a standing ovation. They no doubt were thinking that they had not seen the last of Guan, a 14-year-old from China who finished as the low amateur. He carded rounds of
doc_id: 1110
Selanne, N.H.L.?s Eldest Statesman
ANAHEIM, Calif. &mdash; Teemu Selanne was in a deep recess of Honda Center, talking about life as a 42-year-old N.H.L. star and as the chiseled, aging face of a franchise filled with hope and Stanley Cup aspirations. Down a hall, seven 20-something men from Helsinki, Finland, waited nervously. They were on a pilgrimage, their first trip to the
doc_id: 1111
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Blackhawks End Brian Elliott?s Shutout Streak and Beat Blues
Corey Crawford stopped 30 shots, and Bryan Bickell and Marian Hossa scored to lead the Chicago Blackhawks to a 2-0 win at the St. Louis Blues on Sunday, ending Brian Elliott&rsquo;s bid for a fourth straight shutout. Crawford earned his third shutout of the year. Elliott had shut out Detroit, Nashville and Minnesota in succession for a
doc_id: 1112
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; UConn Women?s Basketball Honored in Hartford
Connecticut&rsquo;s latest victory parade had a French Quarter feel to it. About 10,000 fans lined Hartford&rsquo;s Bushnell Park to cheer the national champion UConn women as they passed by on the top of a double-decker bus, tossing Mardi Gras beads to the crowd below. The Huskies won the program&rsquo;s eighth national title last week in New
doc_id: 1113
Rasheed Wallace Appears Close to Returning for Knicks
Rasheed Wallace , the Knicks veteran with the scruffy beard, has been on the court before games for the last month practicing his jumper, mostly from behind the 3-point line. He may get the chance to do it in a situation that counts when the Knicks visit the Charlotte Bobcats on Monday. Before the Knicks&rsquo; 90-80 victory Sunday against the
doc_id: 1114
Lakers Trudge On as Bryant Recovers From Surgery
LOS ANGELES &mdash; Kobe Bryant is no stranger to social media. In recent months, he has treated his millions of followers on Twitter and Facebook to pictures of his breakfast. He has espoused the virtues of sleep aids. He has shared inspirational quotations. And, in a nod to the all-consuming commerce of his chosen profession, he has cited his
doc_id: 1115
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Nets Fall to Raptors and Settle for 4th Seed
Deron Williams crumpled up his stat sheet and threw it away in disgust. A loss to the lottery-bound Toronto Raptors meant Williams and the Nets had lost their chance at earning the third seed in the Eastern Conference. DeMar DeRozan scored 36 points, Rudy Gay had 26 points and 10 rebounds and the Raptors won their third straight game, never
doc_id: 1116
KNICKS 90, PACERS 80; Knicks Top Pacers and Lock Up East?s No. 2 Seed
The scene was set Sunday afternoon at Madison Square Garden &mdash; for payback, for message-sending, for a modest celebration and for a timely, well-earned rest. All the Knicks needed on this first day of the final week of the season was a sound victory over the Indiana Pacers . That, and four quarters without anyone being bruised, battered or
doc_id: 1117
ROUNDUP; Clay Buchholz Takes No-Hitter to Eighth in Red Sox Victory Over Rays
Clay Buchholz did not allow a hit until Kelly Johnson&rsquo;s broken-bat single leading off the eighth inning, and the Boston Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays, 5-0, on Sunday. Buchholz, who threw a no-hitter in his second career start in 2007, allowed two hits and four walks in eight innings. He struck out a career-high 11. Johnson singled with an
doc_id: 1118
Sight of Yankees? Curtis Granderson Is a Welcome Sign
Perhaps the injury news for the Yankees is finally beginning to improve. The arrival of the injured outfielder Curtis Granderson in the clubhouse Sunday was a welcomed sign that some help is on the way. Granderson remains several weeks from returning to the lineup, after he fractured his right forearm in his first at-bat of spring training. He also
doc_id: 1119
Mets and Twins Postpone Series Finale as Snow and Temperature Fall
MINNEAPOLIS &mdash; Most of the Mets never made it to Target Field from their hotel on Sunday morning. After the Mets and the Minnesota Twins shivered through games Friday night and Saturday afternoon with the temperature in the mid-30s, the Twins decided Sunday afternoon&rsquo;s forecast of rain was too ominous to go ahead with the series finale.
doc_id: 1120
Cooperstown to Honor Baseball Pioneer Bud Fowler
When the mayor of Cooperstown, N.Y., Jeff Katz, searched for an appropriate street to dedicate in Bud Fowler&rsquo;s memory, he decided on one that led to Doubleday Field, the quaint brick stadium a baseball&rsquo;s throw from the Hall of Fame. An old survey of the village indicated that the street had not been named, Katz said. Like the street
doc_id: 1121
Cubs? Jeff Samardzija Turns His Choices Into the Right Ones
CHICAGO &mdash; The questions that Chicago Cubs starter Jeff Samardzija faces today are different from the ones he used to get. Two years ago, people wanted to know if Samardzija, a former all-American wide receiver at Notre Dame, was on his way out of baseball, if he had picked the wrong sport, whether, at 26, he was a has-been football player and
doc_id: 1122
YANKEES 3, ORIOLES 0; Hiroki Kuroda and Yankees Shut Out Orioles
It has been six months since the Yankees edged the Baltimore Orioles in the American League division series, although in many respects, for the winners, it has felt like six awfully long years. The team is slowly returning to full health, in piecemeal fashion, and only one player (Robinson Cano) who started in last season&rsquo;s Game 5 for the
doc_id: 1123
SPORTS BRIEFING | HORSE RACING; Black Caviar Wins T. J. Smith Stakes
The Australian mare Black Caviar won the 25th consecutive race of her career, breaking out of a tight pack about 500 meters (about 546 yards) from the finish to win the 1,200-meter (about 1,300-yard) T. J. Smith Stakes by two lengths Saturday at Royal Randwick in Sydney. Black Caviar, with her regular rider Luke Nolen aboard, went off at odds of
doc_id: 1124
At Spelman, Dropping Sports in Favor of Fitness
ATLANTA &mdash; The softball bats and golf clubs have been stored away. All is quiet, too, at the basketball gymnasium, the volleyball courts and the soccer field. Only the tennis team endures at Spelman College, and after the Great South Athletic Conference tournament the last weekend of April, it will also be done. Then Spelman, a historically
doc_id: 1125
Yale Beats Quinnipiac in Hockey for N.C.A.A. Title
PITTSBURGH &mdash; Three weeks before the Connecticut neighbors Yale and Quinnipiac met on college hockey&rsquo;s biggest stage, they played on a much smaller one in the ECAC Hockey tournament&rsquo;s consolation game. Quinnipiac won that day, just as it had in the teams&rsquo; two meetings during the regular season. But on Saturday at Consol
doc_id: 1126
Java?s War Wins Blue Grass Stakes; Overanalyze Takes Arkansas Derby
LEXINGTON, Ky. &mdash; Fourteen horses, the maximum number allowed, entered the starting gate for the Blue Grass Stakes at Keeneland Race Course. They lined up 10 across for the Arkansas Derby at Oaklawn Park in Hot Springs, Ark. When the quality emerged from the crowd on Saturday, Java&rsquo;s War roared from last to first to win the $750,000 Blue
doc_id: 1127
IN-BOX; Rutgers and Rice: Questions and Outrage
To the Sports Editor: You don&rsquo;t have to be a critic of documentary media, a professor at a public university or a proud graduate of Rutgers &mdash; I happen to be all three &mdash; to find the video of Rutgers men&rsquo;s basketball players enduring physical and psychological abuse at the hands of their coaches deeply troubling. You simply
doc_id: 1128
SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING; Kyle Busch Wins Sprint Cup Race at Texas Motor Speedway
Kyle Busch took advantage of a late caution Saturday night to regain the lead and held on for the final 16 laps to win the N.R.A. 500 in Fort Worth. Busch followed Martin Truex Jr. for about 50 laps before a yellow flag for debris came out with 21 laps left. Busch took the lead off pit road during the caution in his Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota. The
doc_id: 1129
From Princeton, a Promising N.F.L. Draft Pick, Mike Catapano
MINEOLA, N.Y. &mdash; It was the morning of Notre Dame&rsquo;s pro day, and the cameras, commentators and representatives from nearly every N.F.L. team gathered in South Bend, Ind., for another meticulously planned, flawlessly controlled workout at one of the most traditional spots to scour for college talent before April&rsquo;s draft. At
doc_id: 1130
Riddell Responsible for $3.1 Million in Damages to Former High School Football Player
A jury in Colorado has found that Riddell, the country&rsquo;s largest helmet manufacturer, was at fault for failure to adequately warn players wearing their football helmets about the dangers of potential concussions. The company was ordered to pay several million dollars in damages to a 22-year-old man who was injured in 2008 while playing high
doc_id: 1131
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Thierry Henry Scores in Red Bulls? Win
Thierry Henry scored in his first start in a month, and defender Jamison Olave added a goal in the Red Bulls&rsquo; 2-0 victory at D.C. United. Henry, back at full strength after a knee injury, opened the scoring in the 29th minute, and Olave scored in the 36th. Sports Briefing | Soccer
doc_id: 1132
Wigan Defeats Millwall in Violence-Marred F.A. Cup Semifinal
LONDON &mdash; There were two sparkling goals, a typically gray and rainy English day and plenty of pomp, but the lingering image from Saturday&rsquo;s F.A. Cup semifinal between Millwall and Wigan will be that of a young girl crying. It was, in many ways, a cruel twist: in the days leading up to the match here, much of the talk focused on the
doc_id: 1133
GOAL; National Women?s Soccer League to Begin Play
All they have ever wanted was a league of their own. Just not three. The eight-team National Women&rsquo;s Soccer League, the latest attempt over the past 12 years to establish a sustainable Division I women&rsquo;s professional league, begins play this weekend with four games spread across the United States. But this time there is a twist: the
doc_id: 1134
SOCCER ROUNDUP; In England, Arsenal Moves Up to Third
Arsenal rose to third place in England&rsquo;s Premier League by coming from behind to beat Norwich City, 3-1, Saturday, making a strong finish to the season to make amends for its miserable start. Michael Turner put Norwich in front at the start of the second half. But Mikel Arteta tied the score from the penalty spot in the 85th minute before
doc_id: 1135
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; John Isner Reaches Clay Court Final
John Isner got his big serve working after a slow start to reach the final of the United States Men&rsquo;s Clay Court Championship, beating Juan Monaco of Argentina, 1-6, 6-4, 6-4, in Houston. Isner, the fifth seed, will face top-seeded Nicol&aacute;s Almagro of Spain, who needed only 58 minutes to beat the American wild card Rhyne Williams, 6-2,
doc_id: 1136
Eddie Robinson and Jake Gaither Were Men of Words and Men of Deeds
Midway through the second half of a close and pivotal game against Texas Southern during the 1967 football season, Coach Eddie Robinson &rsquo;s Grambling team mounted a drive. It ended abruptly when Grambling&rsquo;s center threw a forearm at the nose tackle who had been dominating him. A referee penalized Grambling and ejected the center from the
doc_id: 1137
Masters ? At Augusta National, if You Have to Ask, the Answer Is No
AUGUSTA, Ga. &mdash; Golf is a game of order with a 140-page rule book that is a vast compendium of what the golfer is not permitted to do. So perhaps it is no surprise that the high cathedral of golf, Augusta National Golf Club, is a place of fanatical order with rules constricting and guiding the behavior of the people who walk through the
doc_id: 1138
Brandt Snedeker Seeks Second Chance as Angel Cabrera Chases Second Green Jacket
AUGUSTA, Ga. &mdash; Controversy over Tiger Woods &rsquo;s two-stroke penalty for hitting from the wrong spot Friday enveloped the Augusta National Golf Club grounds for hours before play began in Saturday&rsquo;s third round. In the galleries, among the players and in the deliberations of tournament officials, the attention of all conversation was
doc_id: 1139
ON GOLF; On the Golf Course, It?s About Building Relationships, Not Symbolism
AUGUSTA, Ga. The ladies issue, as Billy Payne, the chairman of Augusta National Golf Club, described it, did not end last August with the admission of the club&rsquo;s first two female members: Condoleezza Rice, the former United States secretary of state, and Darla Moore, a South Carolina financier. Their inclusion has been described as symbolic.
doc_id: 1140
Woods Penalized for Illegal Ball Drop at Augusta
AUGUSTA, Ga. &mdash; As the cheers for Tiger Woods on the first tee gave way to the relative hush of patrons hoofing it to the green, a man behind the tee box turned to his wife and said, &ldquo;I didn&rsquo;t hear anybody call Tiger a cheater.&rdquo; Woods came into his 19th Masters with his body sound, his personal life settled and his putting
doc_id: 1141
By Phone or by Text, Golf Entertains Second-Guessers
AUGUSTA, Ga. &mdash; In golf, and almost no other sport, interactive, real-time communication between armchair television viewers and referees supervising the competition routinely changes rulings and alters the outcomes of tournaments. This collaboration of living room second-guessers and rules officials is an almost weekly occurrence. On
doc_id: 1142
Red Wings-Blackhawks Rivalry Will Be Readjusted by Realignment
CHICAGO &mdash; On a visit to Olympia Stadium in Detroit in the 1960s, the Hall of Famer Bobby Hull recalled, he was skating through warm-ups with the Blackhawks when three Red Wings fans in the front row began yelling obscenities at him. Their shouts grew louder and more disparaging, and soon the fans had climbed the glass and dangled their arms
doc_id: 1143
SLAP SHOT; John Tavares Quietly Making Case for Hart Trophy
Short schedule or long, the criterion for deciding who deserves the Hart Memorial Trophy does not change: it goes to &ldquo;the player judged most valuable to his team.&rdquo; So should John Tavares win the Hart Trophy this season? It would be hard to argue that any other player has been more important to his team than Tavares has been to the
doc_id: 1144
RANGERS 1, ISLANDERS 0 (OT); Rangers Beat Islanders as Rivalry Is Renewed
UNIONDALE, N.Y. &mdash; Nassau Coliseum was rocking the way it used to, decades ago, when J. P. Parise, Denis Potvin and Chico Resch were leading the upstart Islanders against the established Rangers of John Davidson, Phil Esposito and Ron Duguay. Those clashes generally ended with the Islanders on top, but that was not the way Saturday
doc_id: 1145
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Blue Jackets Beat Wild, Adding to Logjam in West?s Playoff Race
Mark Letestu and Cam Atkinson scored in a shootout to lift the Columbus Blue Jackets over the host Minnesota Wild, 3-2, on Saturday night. The Blue Jackets (19-16-7) won their third straight and pulled even with Detroit and Dallas for the eighth &mdash; and final &mdash; playoff spot in the Western Conference, with 45 points. The Wild (22-16-3)
doc_id: 1146
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Tennessee Guard Jordan McRae to Return for His Senior Season
Tennessee guard Jordan McRae plans to return for his senior season rather than enter the N.B.A. draft . McRae earned first-team all-Southeastern Conference honors this season. Sports Briefing | College Basketball
doc_id: 1147
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Celtics Rout Magic and Clinch No. 7 Seed in East
Boston Coach Doc Rivers is going to be cautious with how hard he pushes Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce over the Celtics &rsquo; final two games of the regular season. At the same time he doesn&rsquo;t want his aging stars out of game shape entering the playoffs. An easy night at Orlando allowed him to satisfy both concerns. The visiting Celtics
doc_id: 1148
Brittney Griner Could Be a Game Changer for the W.N.B.A.
Forget for a moment whether Brittney Griner has the skill to play in the N.B.A. There are more urgent and relevant questions. One is whether she will thrive as a primary face of the W.N.B.A. &rsquo;s campaign to rebrand itself in its 17th season, beginning with its first prime-time draft Monday. Another question is whether Griner will become as
doc_id: 1149
Lakers? Kobe Bryant Tears Achilles? Tendon, Ending His Season
LOS ANGELES &mdash; In retrospect, it was as if the last six games, in which Kobe Bryant played all but 14 minutes, had been leading to something as inevitable as it was wrenching. In the 45th minute of the next game, the Los Angeles Lakers &rsquo; 118-116 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Friday, Bryant drove to his left against Harrison
doc_id: 1150
The New A.B.A. Is a Quirky, Chaotic League
LIMA, Ohio &mdash; The bleachers at the high school gym were mostly empty. The visiting team, the Michiana Monarchs, was running late. Players from the home team, the Lima Explosion , were still recovering from long shifts at their day jobs: working construction, stocking shelves, teaching high school. It could have been any low-level basketball
doc_id: 1151
Pacers Preach Balance in Star-Driven League
INDIANAPOLIS &mdash; Before the playoffs began last season, Indiana Pacers Coach Frank Vogel was asked who he thought could be the team&rsquo;s go-to player in crunch time, with a postseason game on the line. &ldquo;Our depth,&rdquo; Vogel responded. While the rest of the league snickered, or scratched its head, Vogel maintained his belief in
doc_id: 1152
Bill Cartwright, Now Coaching in Japan, Speaks the Language of Winning
OSAKA, Japan (AP) &mdash; A decade removed from his last head-coaching job, Bill Cartwright is back on the bench &mdash; taking the five championship rings he won as a player and an assistant for the Chicago Bulls to Japan. Cartwright was hired by Osaka Evessa of Japan&rsquo;s professional league in January. When he took over, the team had a 5-19
doc_id: 1153
OFF THE DRIBBLE; Carmelo Anthony Nears N.B.A. Scoring Title
In 1994, David Robinson of the San Antonio Spurs entered his team&rsquo;s final game locked in a battle with Shaquille O&rsquo;Neal of the Orlando Magic for the league&rsquo;s scoring title. Robinson, a veteran center, needed to score 4 more points than O&rsquo;Neal to overtake him. Just to be safe, Robinson went on a tear, scoring a career-high 71
doc_id: 1154
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASEBALL; Cubs Put Closer Kyuji Fujikawa on Disabled List
The Chicago Cubs put closer Kyuji Fujikawa on the 15-day disabled list with a strained right forearm and called up reliever Rafael Dolis from Class AAA Iowa. Shawn Camp and James Russell could close. Manager Dale Sveum said he would not use Carlos Marmol, who has a 12.27 earned run average. Fujikawa (1-0, 12.46 E.R.A.) said he felt discomfort in
doc_id: 1155
Pete Rose?s Scrappy Style Still Imitated
CINCINNATI (AP) &mdash; Pete Rose drew a walk on four pitches in his first plate appearance in the major leagues. Then he sped to first base. There was no slowing him, then or 4,256 hits later. Rose, baseball&rsquo;s career hits leader, got his start 50 years ago, making his debut with the Reds in Cincinnati on April 8, 1963. After getting that
doc_id: 1156
METS 4, TWINS 2; Harvey Flirts With No-Hitter as Mets Beat Twins
MINNEAPOLIS &mdash; It wasn&rsquo;t a bad pitch, but it wasn&rsquo;t the right pitch. Matt Harvey realized that not long after Minnesota&rsquo;s Justin Morneau swung at an inside slider with two out in the seventh, pulling a home run high off the right-field pole and halting Harvey&rsquo;s bid for a second Mets no-hitter in two years and his first
doc_id: 1157
ROUNDUP; R. A. Dickey Wins First as Blue Jays Beat Royals
After finding out that his teammate Jose Reyes was most likely out for three months, R. A. Dickey allowed one run in six and a third innings for his first Toronto win as the Blue Jays beat the host Kansas City Royals , 3-2, on Saturday night. Reyes sustained a severely sprained left ankle while stealing a base on Friday night. &ldquo;Sometimes a
doc_id: 1158
ORIOLES 5, YANKEES 3; Hughes Booed in Yankees? Loss to Orioles
The grumbling began with a lone fan who had given up on Phil Hughes in the third inning. &ldquo;Take him out! Take him ouuuuuut!&rdquo; He was louder with each hard hit. Soon, a few others started to boo. By the fourth, as Hughes walked off the mound with his head bowed after being removed from the game, the crowd was more decided.
doc_id: 1159
ON BASEBALL; In A.L. East, 90 Wins May Be Enough
The Baltimore Orioles unloaded on Phil Hughes on Saturday, hitting him so hard for three innings that Hughes said he could not remember the last time he had pitched so badly. Maybe there were better times to ask Hughes about the strength of the division, times when he could have been more objective. But his perspective seemed to sum up the new
doc_id: 1160
EXTRA BASES; Channeling Jackie Robinson for Starring Role in ?42?
There is a moment in &ldquo;42,&rdquo; the Jackie Robinson movie released this weekend, in which Chadwick Boseman, the actor playing Robinson, gives a perfect depiction of the mentality of an athlete. Someone tells Robinson he is a hero, and while Robinson surely understood his heroic undertaking in breaking baseball&rsquo;s color barrier, he
doc_id: 1161
SPORTS BRIEFING | CYCLING; Pat McQuaid Up for Third Term as International Union Cycling President
Pat McQuaid has been nominated for a third term as president of cycling&rsquo;s world governing body, known by its French abbreviation U.C.I., on the condition that he overhauls the organization, after he and U.C.I. were heavily scrutinized following the Lance Armstrong scandal. No rivals have emerged yet ahead of the September election. Sports
doc_id: 1162
SPORTS BRIEFING | FIGURE SKATING; Canada?s Patrick Chan Falters in Free Skate at World Team Trophy
Patrick Chan of Canada finished fifth in the free skate at the World Team Trophy in Tokyo, falling three times. Chan, a three-time world champion, had been first after the short program. Daisuke Takahashi of Japan was first in the free skate. Max Aaron of the United States was third. The United States moved into first place in the standings thanks
doc_id: 1163
Greater Doping Scrutiny Planned for Kentucky Derby
The 72 hours before the Kentucky Derby traditionally have been filled with steam, as it is known in racetrack parlance &mdash; rumors about which horse is due for a big race and which veterinarians are working overtime to get their horses to the gate. But for the first time in the 139 years of the race, the authorities this year will know precisely
doc_id: 1164
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE HOCKEY; Drew LeBlanc of St. Cloud State Wins Hobey Baker Award
Forward Drew LeBlanc of St. Cloud State won the Hobey Baker Award, given to the nation&rsquo;s top college hockey player. Sports Briefing | College Hockey
doc_id: 1165
SPORTS BRIEFING | HORSE RACING; Wise Dan Wins Maker?s 46 Mile at Keeneland
Wise Dan, the 2012 Horse of the Year, took control at the top of the stretch to win the $300,000 Maker&rsquo;s 46 Mile at Keeneland in his first start of the year. With Jose Lezcano aboard, Wise Dan ran a mile on the turf in 1 minute 36.37 seconds. Sports Briefing | Horse Racing
doc_id: 1166
Race Sponsorship by N.R.A. Puts Nascar in Hot Seat
A picture of 6-year-old Charlotte Helen Bacon was tucked into the pocket of the firesuit Michael Waltrip wore when he raced in the Daytona 500 in February. Waltrip, a two-time Daytona 500 champion, drove the specially numbered 26 racecar that day with a ribbon on the hood and &ldquo;Newtown&rdquo; painted on the sides to honor the 26 victims of the
doc_id: 1167
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Spain vs. Germany in Champions League Semifinals
Each Champions League semifinal will pit a German club against a Spanish one: Bayern Munich and Barcelona will fight for the right to play the winner of Dortmund versus Real Madrid . The final is in London on May 25. In the second-tier Europa League, Chelsea will play Basel of Switzerland, and Fenerbahce of Turkey will play Benfica of Portugal.
doc_id: 1168
Tiger Woods Falls Back as Jason Day Takes Lead in Second Round at Masters
AUGUSTA, Ga. &mdash; Tiger Woods was cruising. Tied for the lead in the second round of the Masters and the only player in the field who had not bogeyed a hole, he stood in perfect position in the 15th fairway. Poised to make his fourth birdie of the day, he could take the outright lead, bringing him a step closer to restoring the legitimacy of his
doc_id: 1169
Three International Veterans Keep Islanders Loose and on Task
UNIONDALE, N.Y. &mdash; The Islanders have a reason to be grateful for the four-month N.H.L. lockout: the bond between their captain, Mark Streit, and their budding star John Tavares. Streit persuaded Tavares to join him on S.C. Bern , his hometown team in Switzerland, during the lockout. Tavares, 22, led the team in scoring, preparing the way for
doc_id: 1170
Rangers and Islanders, With Playoffs at Stake
Fans at Nassau Coliseum will witness something rare Saturday night: a late-season game between the Islanders and the Rangers in which both teams&rsquo; playoff chances are on the line. It has happened only four previous times in the 40-season history of the rivalry. The Islanders hold the upper hand, having won three games and tied the other. APRIL
doc_id: 1171
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO HOCKEY; Devils Fall to Senators
Craig Anderson had his third shutout of the season, and the visiting Ottawa&nbsp;Senators &nbsp;won, 2-0, to send the sliding Devils to their ninth straight game without a victory. The Devils, the defending champions in the East, are 10th, 4 points behind the Rangers and the postseason cutoff, with seven games to play. Sports Briefing | Pro Hockey
doc_id: 1172
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; St. Louis Names Jim Crews Head Coach
St. Louis removed the interim tag from Jim Crews&rsquo;s job title on Friday and named him head coach after a record-setting season. Crews led the Billikens to a 28-7 record, the most victories in the program&rsquo;s history, as interim coach in place of Rick Majerus, who died in December. &para; The sophomore guard Trey Burke of Michigan, the
doc_id: 1173
SPORTS BRIEFING | WOMENS BASKETBALL; Loyola Lands Sheryl Swoopes as Coach
Sheryl Swoopes, one of the top players in women&rsquo;s basketball history, is the new coach at Loyola of Chicago. A standout at Texas Tech in the early 1990s and the first three-time most valuable player in the W.N.B.A. , Swoopes will try to invigorate a struggling program. Sports Briefing | Womens Basketball
doc_id: 1174
NETS 117, PACERS 109; Nets Beat Pacers as Deron Williams Scores 33
INDIANAPOLIS &mdash; The Nets have had a playoff spot secured for several weeks now, and their seeding &mdash; third, fourth or fifth &mdash; has been the only thing at stake since. They might have begun resting players, or relaxed a bit, or even conceded a game or two, and few would have questioned it. But their foot has stayed firmly on the pedal
doc_id: 1175
KNICKS 101, CAVALIERS 91; Knicks Shift Into Cruise Control on Way to Second Seed
CLEVELAND &mdash; The last time the Knicks faced the Cavaliers here was a low point for Carmelo Anthony . He fell on his swollen right knee and had to leave the game. Afterward, he revealed for the first time how much the injury had been bothering him. He had fluid drained from the knee and sat for three games, but since then he has played
doc_id: 1176
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Dwyane Wade Returns in Heat Win
LeBron James scored 20 points in 29 minutes, Rashard Lewis added 19 on a big night for the Miami bench, and the host Heat beat the Boston Celtics , 109-101, on Friday. Dwyane Wade, back after missing six games with bone bruises around his right kneecap, scored 11 points in 34 minutes for Miami. &para; Jeff Teague and Josh Smith each scored 24
doc_id: 1177
YANKEES 5, ORIOLES 2; Sabathia Pitches Yankees to Win Over Orioles
It was not exactly raining Friday at Yankee Stadium. The night was cold and windy and somewhat misty, and after being exposed to that weather for a while, the skin became cold and damp. Thousands of die-hards showed up anyway, bundled in hats, mittens and scarves, as well as layers of sweatshirts and winter jackets, with maybe a jersey on top. The
doc_id: 1178
ROUNDUP; Padres? Carlos Quentin Suspended After Fight Injures Dodgers Pitcher Zack Greinke
Beyond the suspensions that Major League Baseball handed down Friday for a fight between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the San Diego Padres on Thursday night, one real cost to the Dodgers was already known: $531,250. That is the amount that Zack Greinke, who has averaged 32 starts a season since 2008, is paid for each expected turn in the rotation.
doc_id: 1179
Baseball Believes Alex Rodriguez Bought Clinic Documents
Former employees of a now-shuttered South Florida anti-aging clinic and others who had ties to it have told Major League Baseball that the Yankees&rsquo;Alex Rodriguez arranged to purchase documents from the clinic to keep them out of the hands of baseball officials, according to two people briefed on the matter. The assertions about
doc_id: 1180
METS 16, TWINS 5; Mets Pound Ball Against Twins to Stay Warm
MINNEAPOLIS &mdash; Someone with a sardonic sense of humor at Target Field chose the break between the fourth and fifth innings to play the Andy Williams Christmas classic &ldquo;It&rsquo;s the Most Wonderful Time of the Year.&rdquo; Easy for someone sitting inside to say. After a monumental effort by the Target Field grounds and maintenance crews
doc_id: 1181
Yale Wastes 2-Goal Lead, but Rallies to Win in Overtime
PITTSBURGH (AP) &mdash; It will be an all-Connecticut final in the N.C.A.A. men&rsquo;s Division I hockey championship on Saturday night. Andrew Miller scored 6 minutes 59 seconds into overtime to lift Yale to a 3-2 victory over UMass Lowell in a semifinal on Thursday, and Quinnipiac later defeated St. Cloud State, 4-1. Miller, a senior captain,
doc_id: 1182
SPORTS BRIEFING | WRESTLING; Iran and Russia Invited to United States for Wrestling Exhibition
The United States will host Iran and Russia in an exhibition in Grand Central Terminal in New York on May 15. Iran has not wrestled in the United States since the 2003 world championships. &nbsp; Sports Briefing | Wrestling
doc_id: 1183
Championing Women, a New League for Club Boxing Enters the Ring
After more than 40 years in boxing as a trainer and historian, Angelo Merino witnessed two moments at last summer&rsquo;s London Olympics that he said validated his dedication to pumping new life into college boxing. The 2012 Olympics were the first to include women&rsquo;s boxing. Merino, a coach for the University of San Francisco boxing club and
doc_id: 1184
Six Months After Sandy, Jersey Shore Is Ready to Run
When Joe Gigas, the executive director of the New Jersey Marathon, returned to his home in Long Branch after evacuating for Hurricane Sandy , he found that the ocean had ripped off one side of his house and sucked out the contents of four rooms. Still, only a week after the storm, he announced on the races&rsquo; Facebook page that the New Jersey
doc_id: 1185
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Lions Sign Kicker Havard Rugland From Norway
The Detroit&nbsp;Lions &nbsp;signed kicker Havard Rugland, giving the newly acquired David Akers some competition. Rugland posted a trick-shot video &mdash; called &ldquo; Kickalicious &rdquo; &mdash; in September that has drawn more than 2.7 million views. Rugland played amateur soccer in his native&nbsp;Norway&nbsp;before taking an interest in
doc_id: 1186
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Chelsea Advances to Europa League Semifinals
Chelsea stumbled into the semifinals of the Europa League despite losing to Rubin Kazan, and Basel also advanced by beating Tottenham in a penalty shootout. Chelsea, the reigning European champion, lost by 3-2 in Moscow but progressed, 5-4, on aggregate. Tom Huddlestone and Emmanuel Adebayor failed with spot kicks as Basel won the shootout, 4-1,
doc_id: 1187
Masters ? Sergio Garc?a and Marc Leishman Share Lead at 66
AUGUSTA, Ga. &mdash; Last year, the mere sight of the Augusta National Golf Club left Sergio Garc&iacute;a disconsolate and wondering if he would ever win a major championship. On Thursday, Garcia was tied for the Masters first-round lead with the Australian Marc Leishman. Another year, another Sergio, who at 33 remains golf&rsquo;s dark prince, a
doc_id: 1188
Impressive 73 for Guan Tianlang at Masters
AUGUSTA, Ga. &mdash; Before the Chinese amateur Guan Tianlang hit his first competitive shot at Augusta National Golf Club, everybody with whom he crossed paths offered glowing assessments of his game, each compliment piling up until a great wall of expectations had been constructed around his Masters debut. Phil Mickelson said he could not believe
doc_id: 1189
Major Pro Leagues Prepare for the ?I?m Gay? Announcement
With growing expectations in recent weeks that a gay male athlete in one of the four major professional sports leagues in the United States will soon come out publicly for the first time, the leagues have begun exploring ways to accommodate and respond to such a landmark announcement. The National Hockey League and its players announced Thursday
doc_id: 1190
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Islanders Continue Their Playoff Push
Josh Bailey scored twice and the Islanders added another big victory in their surge toward the playoffs by beating the host Boston Bruins , 2-1, on Thursday. The Islanders, seeking their first trip to the playoffs in seven seasons, improved to 5-0-1 in their last six games, and are now tied for sixth in the Eastern Conference with the Ottawa
doc_id: 1191
N.H.L. and Players Union Take Lead on Gay Issues With You Can Play Project
With Thursday&rsquo;s announcement of a major initiative in support of gay inclusion, the N.H.L. and the N.H.L. Players&rsquo; Association have taken the lead among major men&rsquo;s professional sports leagues in fighting homophobia. &ldquo;This is a groundbreaking, historic moment,&rdquo; said Patrick Burke, a scout with the Philadelphia Flyers
doc_id: 1192
Knicks to Waive Kurt Thomas to Sign James Singleton
CHICAGO &mdash; The history of the Knicks &rsquo; transformative winning streak cannot be written without Kurt Thomas , although the conclusion to this breakthrough season most certainly will be. The Knicks intend to waive the injured Thomas so they can sign James Singleton, a journeyman forward who had been playing in China. Team officials were
doc_id: 1193
BULLS 118, KNICKS 111 (OT); Nate Robinson Helps Bulls End Knicks? Winning Streak
CHICAGO &mdash; If you laid the Knicks &rsquo; top six big men from end to end, you would get 41 feet and 4 inches of pain, and enough sore necks, feet, knees and ankles to fill a modest orthopedic ward. The Knicks stepped onto the United Center court Thursday night without any of them, having arrived without the services of Amar&rsquo;e
doc_id: 1194
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASKETBALL; Heat?s Dwyane Wade Plans Return Against Boston
Dwyane Wade plans to return to the Miami lineup Friday against Boston, after missing six straight games because of soreness in his right knee. Wade also expects to play Sunday against Chicago, barring any setbacks. &para; Rutgers&rsquo;s top in-house lawyer, John Wolf, resigned after coming under criticism for approving a plan to suspend rather
doc_id: 1195
Documents at Anti-Aging Clinic Up for Sale in Doping Case
Major League Baseball&rsquo;s investigation of an anti-aging clinic linked to performance-enhancing drugs has taken a new turn, with the commissioner&rsquo;s office paying a former employee of the facility for documents related to the case. At the same time, two people briefed on the matter said, at least one player linked to the clinic has
doc_id: 1196
Scheduled to Play Twins, Mets Face Snow Instead
MINNEAPOLIS &mdash; Don&rsquo;t get the Minnesota Twins&rsquo; president, Dave St. Peter, started on the decision to build an open-air stadium in a city known for its brutal winters and fickle springs. The Twins benefited from favorable April weather in their first three seasons at Target Field, but St. Peter figured they were due for a problem.
doc_id: 1197
ROUNDUP; Tigers Beat Blue Jays as Toronto?s Early Struggles Continue
Josh Johnson put his team in another tough spot with one of the worst outings of his career. Johnson was knocked out of the game in the second inning Thursday &mdash; the latest poor start from a Blue Jays pitcher &mdash; and the Detroit Tigers rolled to an 11-1 victory at Comerica Park. Miguel Cabrera tripled, scored twice and stole a base for the
doc_id: 1198
Ichiro Suzuki of Yankees Faces Less Playing Time
CLEVELAND &mdash; Since becoming a regular with the Orix Blue Wave in 1994, Ichiro Suzuki has never worried about playing time. If he was healthy, he was in the starting lineup &mdash; whether the game was being played in Japan or the United States. Last season, however, Suzuki was traded to the Yankees , and he occasionally had to sit against
doc_id: 1199
Mets? Matt Harvey, and His Fastball, Earn Notice
PHILADELPHIA &mdash; Charlie Manuel, the longtime manager of the Philadelphia Phillies, was sitting on the home team&rsquo;s bench before a game this week at Citizens Bank Park. Manuel was taking questions from a group of reporters, and one asked whether Matt Harvey, the previous night&rsquo;s starter for the Mets , resembled anyone from his past.
doc_id: 1200
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; Remembering Jackie Robinson?s Passion
The Jackie Robinson I saw in &ldquo;42&rdquo; was different than and yet the same as the Jackie Robinson I knew as a baseball writer with the long-deceased Brooklyn Eagle and New York Journal-American. In the film, which opened in theaters Friday, the actor Chadwick Boseman portrayed the Brooklyn Dodgers rookie in 1947, when he was under orders
doc_id: 1201
SPORTS BRIEFING | TRACK AND FIELD; Olympic Trials Returning to Oregon
Eugene, Ore., will host the 2016 United States Olympic track trials. Eugene has hosted the trials in 1972, 1976, 1980, 2008 and 2012. &para; The former Olympic hurdles champion Liu Xiang of China will miss the 2013 season because of his slow recovery from an Achilles&rsquo; injury. Sports Briefing | Track and Field
doc_id: 1202
ON PRO BASKETBALL; Nemesis for Knicks, Bulls Loom as Streak Busters
For 24 days and 13 games, across seven cities, two countries and three time zones, the Knicks have crushed every challenger, obliterated every obstacle, eradicated all doubts and left little to prove in the fleeting days of this revitalizing season.&#xa; &#xa;They have their Atlantic Division title, their 50 wins and the assurance of a lofty
doc_id: 1203
Declaration of Independence
LYON, France &#x2014; The latest attempt at a women&#x2019;s professional soccer league in the United States begins this weekend, so the stars of the American team from the London Olympics have, for the most part, returned to preaching the gospel stateside. Abby Wambach, the powerful striker, is with a team in Rochester; Alex Morgan, the pixieish,
doc_id: 1204
SPORTS BRIEFING | HORSE RACING; Velazquez Picks Verrazano Over Orb
John Velazquez will ride the unbeaten Verrazano in the Kentucky Derby . Velazquez also has ridden the Florida Derby winner, Orb, but opted for Verrazano, who many expect to be the Derby favorite. Orb will be ridden by Joel Rosario, who was aboard the colt for his first five starts. Velazquez has been sidelined since Sunday, when he fractured a rib
doc_id: 1205
California Examines Puzzling Trend of Horses&#x2019; Sudden Deaths
Seemingly healthy racehorses have been dropping dead at an alarming rate in California, perplexing researchers and attracting the attention of regulators. The three-time Kentucky Derby -winning trainer Bob Baffert has had seven horses die suddenly in the last 16 months, necropsies revealed.&#xa; &#xa;Mike Marten, a spokesman for the California
doc_id: 1206
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Two Sophomore Standouts to Enter Draft
Syracuse&#x2019;s star point guard, Michael Carter-Williams, and Indiana center Cody&#xA0;Zeller have decided to enter the N.B.A. draft.&#xa; &#xa;The 6-foot-6 Carter-Williams, a sophomore, started all 40 games for the Orange this season. He finished fifth nationally in assists per game (7.3) and fourth in steals (2.8). Zeller, a 7-foot sophomore,
doc_id: 1207
NETS 101, CELTICS 93; Nets, Beating Celtics, Move Closer to 4th Seed
BOSTON &#x2014; The teams had not met since Christmas Day, when Avery Johnson still coached the Nets , and Rajon Rondo still led the Celtics . Boston embarrassed the Nets on national television then, and Johnson was fired a few days later. &#xa; &#xa;Perhaps the Nets now regard that game as one of many turning points in their up-and-down season. P.
doc_id: 1208
LEADING OFF; Handicapping the Masters
The Masters begins Thursday, and Michael Rosenberg at Sports Illustrated thinks Tiger Woods will win, one reason being his putting: &#x201C;He has done two things exceptionally well: Avoided three-putts (he is No. 4 on tour), and rammed home putts from 5 to 20 feet. Those are a function of great putting more than luck.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa; Gary Van
doc_id: 1209
Miles Apart in Connecticut, Now Even Closer at Frozen Four
HAMDEN, Conn. &#x2014; Yale and Quinnipiac are roughly 15 minutes apart, linked by Whitney Avenue. The universities may be close geographically, but that connecting thoroughfare remains their only real bond.&#xa; &#xa;This week, however, they are linked not just by macadam, but also by fate, as participants in the Frozen Four, which begins Thursday
doc_id: 1210
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Shootout Specialist Comes Through for Rangers
A shootout goal from the player called the Norwegian Hobbit and a lucky bounce off an apologetic linesman helped the Rangers to an important 3-2 victory over the Toronto Maple Leafs on Wednesday at Madison Square Garden. &#xa; &#xa;The Rangers are in playoff position in the Eastern Conference with eight games left. They have 44 points, even with
doc_id: 1211
In Season of Goodbyes, Rivera Is Saying Thanks
CLEVELAND &#x2014; In a room beneath the stands at Progressive Field on Wednesday, Mariano Rivera sheepishly walloped a bass drum with a stick, producing the sound that has echoed in his ears here for 19 years.&#xa; &#xa;As part of his farewell tour, Rivera met with a group of Cleveland Indians employees and John Adams, the fan who has been banging
doc_id: 1212
ON BASEBALL; Looking Into the Decline in African-American Players
Every player in the major leagues will wear No. 42 on Monday as baseball pays its annual tribute to Jackie Robinson, who integrated the game in 1947 and whose life story will play out in movie theaters nationwide this weekend. Yet few of the players wearing Robinson&#x2019;s number will be African-American, a trend that has grown increasingly
doc_id: 1213
THE QUAD; Hofstra Hires Men&#x2019;s Coach
Hofstra named Joe Mihalich its new men&#x2019;s basketball coach Wednesday, ending a month-long search to replace Mo Cassara, who was fired in March after three seasons.&#xa; &#xa;Mihalich spent the last 15 seasons at Niagara, where he brought the Purple Eagles to two N.C.A.A. tournaments, in 2005 and 2007, and three N.I.T. berths, finishing with a
doc_id: 1214
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Heat Clinch Best Record in the N.B.A.
The visiting Miami Heat&#x2019;s B-squad clinched the best record in the N.B.A. with a 103-98 victory over the Wizards. Miami, missing several stars, has a record of 62-16. SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL
doc_id: 1215
PHILLIES 7, METS 3; Once Again, Phillies Pound Hefner in First Inning
PHILADELPHIA &#x2014; Jeremy Hefner stood on the mound here early Wednesday night, a succession of Philadelphia Phillies players orbiting him along the basepaths.&#xa; &#xa;The sight may have elicited some uncomfortable flashbacks. Seven months ago, the last time he faced the Phillies, he stood helpless amid similar circumstances. He gave up six
doc_id: 1216
BARCELONA 1, PARIS ST.-GERMAIN 1; A Hobbled Messi Helps Barcelona Advance
For nearly an hour, the Barcelona fans at Camp Nou divided their gazes between the action on the field and the movement &#x2014; or lack of it, really &#x2014; on the team&#x2019;s bench.&#xa; &#xa; Lionel Messi , the superstar striker, limped off during the first game of Barcelona&#x2019;s Champions League quarterfinal series with Paris
doc_id: 1217
ON GOLF; At Augusta, Attention Is Back on the Golf
AUGUSTA, Ga.&#xa; &#xa;Ten years ago, in a sodden, ant-infested vacant lot a half-mile from the main gate of the Augusta National Golf Club, the most serious protest of the club&#x2019;s all-male membership hit its high water mark. The unkempt, grassy parcel played host to a small but celebrated demonstration led by the women&#x2019;s rights
doc_id: 1218
BASEBALL ROUNDUP; A Streak and an Era Are Over in Boston
The longest home sellout streak in major American pro sports history ended Wednesday night at 820 games for the Boston Red Sox .&#xa; &#xa;The team said before Wednesday&#x2019;s game against the Baltimore Orioles at Fenway Park that it was not expected to be a sellout. During the game, the Red Sox announced on Twitter that the run was over, and
doc_id: 1219
NETS 104, 76ERS 83; Nets Cruise Toward Playoffs, With Evans Suddenly a Force
Closing in on the fourth seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs, the Nets wasted little time dispatching the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday, 104-83, at Barclays Center.&#xa; &#xa;It was a blowout from the outset, the type of all-around performance the Nets have been pining for at home, thanks to a milestone performance from Reggie Evans, who has
doc_id: 1220
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Heat Prevail, Tying Mark
LeBron James scored 28 points in 30 minutes, and the Miami Heat tied a franchise single-season record by winning for the 61st time with five games remaining by topping the visiting Milwaukee Bucks, 94-83. &#xA0;Miami needs only one more win or one San Antonio loss to clinch the top overall seed in the playoffs.&#xA0; SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO
doc_id: 1221
Marty Blake, N.B.A. Scout, Dies at 86
Marty Blake, a basketball executive whose capacious memory, keen eye for talent and relentless appetite for scouring gymnasiums in remote places made him perhaps the most valuable scout in the history of the National Basketball Association, died on Sunday in Alpharetta, Ga. He was 86.&#xa; &#xa;The cause was heart failure, said his son Ryan. As the
doc_id: 1222
ON BASKETBALL; An Appreciation Of Perseverance
NEW ORLEANS&#xa; &#xa;One of the more pleasing occurrences at the women&#x2019;s Final Four did not involve a basket, or a rebound, or a net-cutting ceremony. Simply, Caroline Doty trotted onto the court Tuesday night, the first of the five Connecticut starters before its national championship game against Louisville. Doty, a fifth-year senior
doc_id: 1223
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Oladipo Will Enter Draft
Victor Oladipo of Indiana will leave college to join the N.B.A. Oladipo, a junior first-team all-American, was the Hoosiers&#x2019; second-leading scorer, averaging 13.6 points, and is projected as a top-six choice. &#xa; &#xa;Indiana&#x2019;s sophomore center Cody Zeller is expected to decide whether he will leave for the N.B.A. as early as
doc_id: 1224
The End Seems Near for a Sellout Streak at Fenway Park
Chicago Cubs fans may disagree, but all streaks ultimately come to an end. On Wednesday night, the Boston Red Sox may fail to sell out Fenway Park for the first time in nearly a decade.&#xa; &#xa;Including their home opener Monday, the Red Sox have sold out a major-league-record 794 consecutive games, a streak that dates to the 2003 season, the
doc_id: 1225
ON BASKETBALL; Pitino&#x2019;s Week Kept Getting Better
ATLANTA&#xa; &#xa; Rick Pitino did not win the lottery in the last seven days. He did not find buried treasure or discover the meaning of life or climb Mount Everest between N.C.A.A tournament contests. Everything else: perfect. Pitino capped the best week ever Monday night, on a basketball court at the Georgia Dome, his family, more aware than
doc_id: 1226
SLAP SHOT; Preaseason Game In Brooklyn
After almost a year&#x2019;s delay, the Islanders and the Devils will play the first N.H.L. game at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn on Sept. 21.&#xa; &#xa;The preseason game was announced Tuesday by the Islanders, who are scheduled to move to the Brooklyn arena from Nassau Coliseum at the start of the 2015-16 season. A game between the two teams
doc_id: 1227
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; U.S. Women&#x2019;s Team Wins
Christen Press scored twice and the United States women beat the Netherlands, 3-1, in an exhibition in The Hague that extended their unbeaten streak to 31 games. Tobin Heath also scored for the United States. SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER
doc_id: 1228
Who&#x2019;s No. 1? The Knicks And Anthony
The resurgent Knicks are finally No. 1: in jersey sales.&#xa; &#xa; Carmelo Anthony has the N.B.A.&#x2019;s top-selling jersey since the start of the 2012-13 season, and the Knicks top the list in team sales for the same period, according to rankings released by the league Tuesday. The rankings are based on sales at the N.B.A. Store in Manhattan
doc_id: 1229
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Jets Sign Dawan Landry
The Jets&#x2019; secondary has swapped Landry brothers. To fill the void at safety created when LaRon Landry left for Indianapolis, the Jets signed his older brother Dawan, who spent the last two seasons in Jacksonville. &#xa; &#xa;A seven-year veteran, Dawan Landry, 30, immediately becomes the most experienced player at a position that also lost
doc_id: 1230
Baseball Creates Committee to Study Decline of Blacks in the Majors
Commissioner Bud Selig said Tuesday that he was creating a 17-member diversity task force to study and address the issue of on-field participation by African-Americans in Major League Baseball.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I don&#x2019;t want to miss any opportunity here,&#x201D; Selig said in a telephone interview from his office in Milwaukee. &#x201C;We
doc_id: 1231
Kovalchuk Back on the Ice
NEWARK &#x2014; Ilya Kovalchuk practiced with the Devils for the first time since he injured his right shoulder on March 23, offering a ray of hope for a skidding team working to stay optimistic.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;He brings a smile to guys&#x2019; faces,&#x201D; forward David Clarkson said, &#x201C;and he looked good out there.&#x201D; Kovalchuk,
doc_id: 1232
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; U.S. Women Take Gold
Amanda Kessel scored the winner early in the third period and the United States beat Canada, 3-2, in the gold medal game of the women&#x2019;s world hockey championship in Ottawa. The United States and Canada have met in every final since the tournament&#x2019;s inception in 1990. Canada holds a 10-5 lead in gold medals, but the United States has
doc_id: 1233
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Dortmund in Semifinals
Borussia Dortmund scored twice in stoppage time to defeat visiting M&#xE1;laga, 3-2, and advance to the Champions League semifinals for the first time in 15 years. Felipe Santana hit the winner after a goal-mouth scramble in the third minute of injury time that looked offside.&#xa; &#xa;Real Madrid reached the semifinals for the third straight
doc_id: 1234
PHILLIES 8, METS 3; 3-Homer Barrage Puts Early End to Gee&#x2019;s Night
PHILADELPHIA &#x2014; Even upon returning to normal health this winter, Dillon Gee was always going to need some time to regain a feel for his pitches, to re-establish the rhythm that unraveled during his extended hiatus.&#xa; &#xa;After a patchy spring training and an uneven start to the season, the project seems to be continuing. Gee on Tuesday
doc_id: 1235
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Islanders Defeat Flyers And Vault Over Rangers
Michael Grabner scored the go-ahead goal late in the second period and Evgeni Nabokov made 26 saves as the host Islanders took another step toward the playoffs with a 4-1 win over the Philadelphia Flyers on Tuesday night.&#xa; &#xa;The Islanders (20-16-4) won for the seventh time in nine games and moved 2 points ahead of the idle Rangers into
doc_id: 1236
BASEBALL ROUNDUP; Tigers&#x2019; Cabrera Breaks Out
Miguel Cabrera hit his first home run of the season and drove in four runs as the Detroit Tigers beat the visiting Toronto Blue Jays , 7-3, on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;The Blue Jays, who spent millions of dollars during the off-season to improve their roster, fell to 2-5 for their worst start since 2004. &#x201C;We&#x2019;re not relaxing at all,&#x201D;
doc_id: 1237
CONNECTICUT 93, LOUISVILLE 60; An 8th National Title, Built on Spirit, Not Stars
NEW ORLEANS &#x2014; As the current Big East Conference held its confetti farewell Tuesday night in women&#x2019;s basketball, Connecticut left with the most coveted of parting gifts: its eighth national title.&#xa; &#xa;A 93-60 rout of Louisville gave Coach Geno Auriemma the same number of championships as his nemesis, Pat Summitt, whose
doc_id: 1238
KNICKS 120, WIZARDS 99; Fireworks By Knicks, Followed By a Title
Nearly two decades had passed since the Atlantic Division had been colored in hues of orange and blue, and the Knicks emerged Tuesday night like a team that was in a rush to end the drought, as soon and as emphatically as possible.&#xa; &#xa;They rained 3-pointers, deployed backcourt traps and generally treated the Washington Wizards like a minor
doc_id: 1239
Arguments Are Heard in N.F.L. Head Trauma Case
PHILADELPHIA &#x2014; The two legal teams, the one for the N.F.L. and the one for the retired players suing the league for negligence and fraud, were stacked with top talent, including litigators who have argued in front of the Supreme Court.&#xa; &#xa;But in a twist, the N.F.L., the $9 billion league that often gets its way, appeared to have a
doc_id: 1240
ON PAR; Nicklaus Still Expects Woods to Set Record
AUGUSTA, Ga. &#x2014; On the 50th anniversary of his first Masters victory in 1963, Jack Nicklaus on Tuesday met with reporters to reminisce, although the questions were often about the future.&#xa; &#xa;For example, Nicklaus was again asked to assess whether Tiger Woods would surpass his record of 18 major championships. &#x201C;I continue to say
doc_id: 1241
Watson Wears Heart On His Green Sleeve
AUGUSTA, Ga. &#x2014; Bubba Watson cried on the final green after his victory in last year&#x2019;s Masters.&#xa; &#xa;Speaking at the defending champion&#x2019;s customary news conference on Tuesday, Watson was in tears again. Later, asked about that night&#x2019;s traditional champions dinner, Watson concluded that if he had to speak,
doc_id: 1242
YANKEES 14, INDIANS 1; With Cano&#x2019;s Help, a Lineup Expected to Struggle Keeps Slugging
CLEVELAND &#x2014; The only pitch that Robinson Cano did not see well on Tuesday, it seems, was the one that hit Kevin Youkilis square in the shoulder. That pitch likely was Cano&#x2019;s fault, but there was a good reason he missed it.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I was in the bathroom,&#x201D; Cano said. After hitting a two-run homer, his third home run in
doc_id: 1243
Some Former Players Recall Rice Positively
Mike Rice was brusque, short-tempered and intense, but former basketball players at Robert Morris did not recognize him in the video of his outbursts at Rutgers.&#xa; &#xa;They remembered him grabbing players, cursing and throwing basketballs across the gym &#x2014; but never aiming the ball at a player. They said his behavior never resembled
doc_id: 1244
ON PAR; Filling in the Gaps
AUGUSTA, Ga. &#x2014; As part of his preparation for his first Masters, Nicolas Colsaerts of Belgium sat down for an hour last week with Jack Nicklaus, a six-time winner at Augusta National, an experience akin to being coached by Michael Phelps on how to swim the 200 butterfly. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;We pretty much spoke about every hole,&#x201D;
doc_id: 1245
MAPLE LEAFS 4, RANGERS 3; Rangers, Trailing Most of the Game, Forge a Tie, Then Quickly Lose It
TORONTO &#x2014; Coach John Tortorella lamented the breakdown that cost the Rangers the game.&#xa; &#xa;Derek Stepan tied the game against the Toronto Maple Leafs , 3-3, at the nine-minute mark of the third period, but just 38 seconds later, Phil Kessel put home his own rebound as the Maple Leafs upended the Rangers, 4-3, on Monday night. That
doc_id: 1246
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; City Defeats United
The substitute Sergio Ag&#xFC;ero slalomed through the defense to score the go-ahead goal in the 78th minute, giving Manchester City a 2-1 win at rival Manchester United on Monday night that cut their Premier League deficit to 12 points with seven games left.&#xa; &#xa;James Milner gave City the lead with a deflected shot in the 51st minute, but
doc_id: 1247
LOUISVILLE 82, MICHIGAN 76; No. 1 at the Start, And No. 1 at the Finish
ATLANTA &#x2014; Behind the Louisville bench, those in cardinal red remained on their feet in the final minutes, unable to sit down, or feel comfortable, or breathe. Peyton Siva drove and Gorgui Dieng swatted and Luke Hancock launched 3-pointers. Here was Louisville, the top seed in this N.C.A.A. tournament, playing like it until the end.&#xa;
doc_id: 1248
THE FIFTH DOWN; State Looks Into Combine
The N.F.L. will meet with members of the New York attorney general&#x2019;s office Tuesday to explain its investigation into why players at the scouting combine in February were asked questions that may have pertained to sexual orientation, like &#x201C;Do you like girls?&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;The N.F.L.&#x2019;s investigation &#x2014; which began
doc_id: 1249
ON PAR; Talking Shop
AUGUSTA, Ga. &#x2013; If Steve Stricker wins the Masters this week on the strength of a miraculous chip, like Larry Mize in 1987 or Tiger Woods in 2005 , Woods will be able to consider his debt repaid. &#xa; &#xa;Before the World Golf Championships event outside Miami, Stricker helped Woods straighten out his putting in an impromptu hourlong
doc_id: 1250
CONNECTICUT VS. LOUISVILLE; A Pair of Friendly Rivals In a One-Sided Rivalry
NEW ORLEANS &#x2014; Notwithstanding the imminent dissolution of the existing Big East Conference, or the possibility of what would be a most surprising defeat in the women&#x2019;s national championship game, Louisville Coach Jeff Walz failed to foresee the end of dominance anytime soon for Geno Auriemma and his stalwart Connecticut program.&#xa;
doc_id: 1251
Rangers 5, Rays 4
A. J. Pierzynski and Mitch Moreland hit consecutive home runs off Jeremy Hellickson, and host Texas held on for a victory over Tampa Bay. Joe Nathan gave up a run in the ninth but got his 2nd save this season and 300th of his career. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
doc_id: 1252
A Football Widow&#x2019;s Traumatic Journey
ANNAPOLIS, Md. &#x2014; The end of Ralph Wenzel as his wife knew him began in January 2007. They were descending a flight of stairs at San Francisco International Airport, on their way to the baggage claim, after a two-week trip to Hawaii. &#xa; &#xa;Symptoms of his dementia had been troubling during their vacation. Wenzel acted as if he had awoken
doc_id: 1253
YANKEES 11, INDIANS 6; Cano and Hafner Power the Yankees Over a Familiar Managerial Foe
CLEVELAND &#x2014; Soon after he was hired to manage the Indians last October, Terry Francona found a place to live within two blocks of Progressive Field, choosing to stay close to the stadium, as he had done when he managed at Fenway Park for eight years.&#xa; &#xa;On Monday, during his morning walk to the ballpark for Cleveland&#x2019;s home
doc_id: 1254
METS 7, PHILLIES 2; Mets&#x2019; Young Pitcher Outshines Phillies&#x2019; Old One
PHILADELPHIA &#x2014; The contrast was striking: an aging pitcher descending, a young pitcher ascending, their paths meeting for a few compelling hours.&#xa; &#xa;The Mets began their first trip of the season Monday and caught the Philadelphia Phillies and their fans deep in conversation about whether Roy Halladay , the accomplished 35-year-old
doc_id: 1255
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Flying Fruit Halts Match in Sweden
A Swedish league match between Djurgarden and Mjallby was abandoned after a Mjallby player was hit by a pear. Angry fans at Djurgarden&#x2019;s home stadium in Stockholm threw bottles, coins and fruit onto the field as Mjallby&#x2019;s players celebrated a goal in the 37th minute. Mjallby defender Gbenga Arokoyo was hit him in the stomach by the
doc_id: 1256
ROUNDUP; Another Strong Performance&#xd; By Buchholz and by Boston
Daniel Nava hit a three-run homer, Clay Buchholz pitched seven shutout innings and the surprising Boston Red Sox won their ninth straight home opener, 3-1 over the Baltimore Orioles on Monday.&#xa; &#xa;Nava ended a scoreless duel between Buchholz (2-0) and Wei-Yin Chen (0-1) in the seventh inning with his second home run in two days. He drove the
doc_id: 1257
ON PRO BASKETBALL; Hall Induction Completes One of Game&#x2019;s Great Comebacks
NEW ORLEANS &#x2014; Almost three decades later, people remember the back-to-back 50-point games with the Knicks in Texas, the quick-release turnaround jumper on the way up, the preternatural ability to slither through the tiniest cracks in transition defense along the left side on the fast break.&#xa; &#xa;They typically forget the near-mythic
doc_id: 1258
A New Basketball Review at Rutgers
Rutgers officials announced Monday that the university would begin an investigation into its men&#x2019;s basketball program and how it handled claims of abusive behavior by Coach Mike Rice, who was fired last week .&#xa; &#xa;This would be the second investigation commissioned by Rutgers into the basketball team &#x2014; the first was done last
doc_id: 1259
ON PRO BASKETBALL; Knicks&#x2019; Run Fueled by the Shooting of Two Hot Hands
In the three-month span from Dec. 16 to March 16, the Knicks played 41 games, lost 21 of them and never stopped referring to themselves as championship contenders &#x2014; a world-class case of cognitive dissonance.&#xa; &#xa;Only the Knicks, and the most zealous of their fans, could envision games in June while the team lost twice to the Toronto
doc_id: 1260
In Welcome Distraction, Pitino Is Elected to Hall
When Louisville Coach Rick Pitino said Monday would be a memorable day for him, he was still hoping to make it a remarkable one. &#xa; &#xa;Only hours after the announcement that he had been elected to the Basketball Hall of Fame, Pitino tried to become the first coach in N.C.A.A. history to win national championships with two colleges when
doc_id: 1261
ON PAR; Learning the Ropes From Inside Them
AUGUSTA, Ga. &#x2013; There is nothing ordinary about the life of Guan Tianlang, the 14-year-old from China who on Thursday will become the youngest competitor in the history of the Masters. That did not stop the English-speaking press from trying to draw out of Guan all the ways he is like a typical teenager, as if there is such a thing.&#xa;
doc_id: 1262
Sixty Years Ago, an Unbeaten Season
The 50th anniversary of Jack Nicklaus&#x2019;s first Masters victory has been a much discussed milestone ahead of this year&#x2019;s tournament at Augusta National Golf Club. But there is another significant anniversary this year. &#xa; &#xa;Sixty years ago, Ben Hogan won all five official PGA Tour events he entered, including all three of the
doc_id: 1263
ON BASEBALL; The Phillies and Their Ace Have Lost Their Touch
PHILADELPHIA &#xa; &#xa;The first time Roy Halladay turned around his career, in 2001, he did so by devouring the words of Harvey Dorfman, a sports psychologist and the author of &#x201C;The Mental ABCs of Pitching.&#x201D; Dorfman&#x2019;s wisdom helped turn Halladay from a major league washout needing to rebuild his delivery into the most
doc_id: 1264
For 2 Unheralded Players, A 3-Point Shootout
ATLANTA &#x2014; The nets did not move. That is how pure their jumpers were. In they went, again and again, from 21 feet and beyond, shot by a Michigan freshman named Spike and a Louisville junior named Luke. No one dared miss, and neither did. It was the highest-stakes game of Horse they had ever played &#x2014; on the raised court of the Georgia
doc_id: 1265
ON PAR; New Contest for Children
Billy Payne, the chairman of Augusta National Golf Club, announced on Monday the formation of a nationwide Drive, Chip and Putt Championship for children ages 7 to 15. Inspired by the N.F.L.&#x2019;s punt, pass and kick competition, and created in concert with the U.S. Golf Association and the PGA of America, the contest will consist of local and
doc_id: 1266
At 14, an Embodiment of Augusta&#x2019;s Vision, and an Entrant
In his 2008 Masters address, the Augusta National chairman Billy Payne introduced a program that allowed children ages 8 to 16 free admission to the tournament when accompanied by a ticketed patron. Five years later, a 14-year-old will experience the Masters from inside the ropes as one of the 94 competitors, the beneficiary of another grand plan
doc_id: 1267
CONNECTICUT 83, NOTRE DAME 65; Huskies Conquer Demons, and Irish
NEW ORLEANS &#x2014; In the end, it seemed less a victory than an exorcism.&#xa; &#xa;A startling dominance that Notre Dame held over Connecticut crumbled Sunday night. Not even Tennessee at the height of its power could defeat the Huskies with such assured regularity. After losing to the Fighting Irish in the past two national semifinal rounds,
doc_id: 1268
YANKEES 7, TIGERS 0; Sabathia Outduels Verlander, and Yankees Avoid Sweep
DETROIT &#x2014; With the Yankees sputtering in the opening week of the season and showing few signs of hope, Sunday&#x2019;s game was surprisingly important for this early date.&#xa; &#xa;Few would ever characterize an April 7 game as a must-win affair, but there was little doubt that C. C. Sabathia pitched as if it were. In a commanding
doc_id: 1269
Korean&#x2019;s Rise Leads To Victory In a Major
RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. &#x2014; After the 2008 United States Open , the major championships were supposed to flow like Champagne out of a bottle. But Inbee Park, like Tiger Woods, saw her major ambitions corked for nearly five years. The impediments, mostly mental, gave way Sunday when Park carded a three-under-par 69, for a 72-hole total of
doc_id: 1270
ROUNDUP; Clippers Clinch a Title, Really
Chris Paul held up a red T-shirt reading &#x201C;Can&#x2019;t Stop Los Angeles&#x201D; for a postgame photograph. He did not put it on, and neither did his Clippers teammates.&#xa; &#xa;There was no celebrating on the court or in the locker room Sunday after the Clippers clinched their first Pacific Division title, defeating the Lakers, the Los
doc_id: 1271
A Court Test for Suits About Head Trauma
The N.F.L. will face off in court Tuesday against thousands of retirees in a case that will help determine the league&#x2019;s role in caring for players with dementia and other neurodegenerative diseases.&#xa; &#xa;The issue in front of United States District Court Judge Anita Brody in Philadelphia is whether to grant the N.F.L.&#x2019;s request
doc_id: 1272
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; Djokovic Injured in Win
Novak Djokovic gave Serbia an insurmountable 3-1 lead over the United States with a 7-5, 6-7 (4), 6-1, 6-0 win over Sam Querrey in a Davis Cup quarterfinal in Boise, Idaho. But Djokovic twisted his right ankle while hitting a forehand and said, &#x201C;One hour, one hour and a half after the end of the match, all I can say is, it doesn&#x2019;t
doc_id: 1273
LOUISVILLE VS. MICHIGAN; Sudden Star Leads Ride To Final, Via Unicycle
ATLANTA &#x2014; The legend of Mitch McGary ballooned throughout this N.C.A.A. tournament, until he seemed less like a Michigan basketball player and more like some combination of Paul Bunyan and Chuck Norris.&#xa; &#xa;As McGary collected double-doubles and the Wolverines advanced to Monday night&#x2019;s championship game against Louisville, the
doc_id: 1274
SPORTS BRIEFING | HORSE RACING; Jockey Is Hurt
The jockey John Velazquez was dumped in the seventh race at Aqueduct in Queens, fracturing a rib and chipping a bone in his right wrist, when his mount, Katie Malone, stumbled. Velazquez is the regular rider of Verrazano and Orb, two of the leading contenders for the Kentucky Derby .&#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; A day after his big victory in the British Grand
doc_id: 1275
METS 4, MARLINS 3; Marlins Show Flash of Future, but the Mets Shine in the Ninth
Inning after inning, the Mets squirmed from danger, finding some new escape route before the Miami Marlins could dispense a definitive blow.&#xa; &#xa;And at the end of a long afternoon of dodging trouble, all their evasiveness paid off. Entering the ninth inning Sunday, trailing the Marlins by a run, the Mets rallied to win, 4-3, on a two-run,
doc_id: 1276
A Fuss, and Then a Surge, by Williams
DANIEL ISLAND, S.C. &#x2014; In a match that featured a testy on-court exchange, Serena Williams recovered from a slow start to defeat Jelena Jankovic, 3-6, 6-0, 6-2, on Sunday for her third career title in the Family Circle Cup.&#xa; &#xa;A year ago, Williams came to this tournament ranked 10th in the world, but she won in dominant fashion,
doc_id: 1277
Chasing a Record but Taking a Low-Key Approach
ATLANTA &#x2014; A little more than an hour before tipoff last Monday, the Atlanta Hawks&#x2019; Kyle Korver bounded up a fight of stairs at Philips Arena, two steps at a time, to a fitness room for a quick lifting session. Then, as his teammates relaxed in the locker room after having completed their warm-ups, he went to the court, where Team
doc_id: 1278
LOUISVILLE 64, CALIFORNIA 57; Cardinals and Big East Save Their Best for End
NEW ORLEANS &#x2014; California, the West Coast intruder at the Final Four, did its best to break a Big East stranglehold on the national championship game. But in a battle of scrappy teams that felt like the junior varsity preliminary, Louisville rallied from a 10-point halftime deficit to win its semifinal, 64-57, on Sunday night at New Orleans
doc_id: 1279
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Laird Holds Off McIlroy
Martin Laird tied the course record with a nine-under-par 63, holding off Rory McIlroy to earn his first PGA win in more than two years, at the Texas Open in San Antonio. Laird posted a bogey-free round to finish 14 under. McIlroy posted a 66 to finish two shots back, in second &#x2014; his best finish of the year. SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF
doc_id: 1280
ROUNDUP; A Bad Day For Cy Young Winners
Boston&#x2019;s Will Middlebrooks hit three homers, two off R. A. Dickey, the 2012 National League Cy Young Award winner while with the Mets, as the Red Sox routed the host Toronto Blue Jays , 13-0, on Sunday.&#xa; &#xa;Middlebrooks went 4 for 5 and flied out to the warning track in left field in the eighth. &#x201C;A lot of this game is about how
doc_id: 1281
Marketing Strategy. Check.
LONDON &#x2014; After 22-year-old Magnus Carlsen dispatched him in 36 deadly moves over three speedy hours in their first match at the 2013 Candidates&#x2019; Tournament here , the Russian grandmaster Peter Svidler spent a moment musing on why, to be blunt about it, Carlsen receives so much more attention than he does. &#xa; &#xa;He is not jealous,
doc_id: 1282
In Toronto, Center Makes a Turnaround
TORONTO &#x2014; It has been a season of redemption for the Toronto Maple Leafs &#x2019; Nazem Kadri.&#xa; &#xa;Once frozen out of the Leafs&#x2019; lineup, Kadri, a 6-foot, 188-pound center, now ranks among the league leaders in goals (17), points (39) and plus/minus rating (plus 18). Entering Monday&#x2019;s game against the Rangers, he leads the
doc_id: 1283
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Red Bulls Fall to Fire
Maicon Santos scored twice, and Daniel Paladini had a goal and two assists to lead the Chicago Fire to a 3-1 home victory over the Red Bulls. It was the first win of the season for Chicago (1-3-1), which had been held to one goal in its first four matches. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Paolo Di Canio lost his first game as Sunderland&#x2019;s manager, a 2-1
doc_id: 1284
ON COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Cuban&#x2019;s Notion Would Doom Griner To N.B.A. Sideshow
NEW ORLEANS&#xa; &#xa;What was Brittney Griner supposed to say to the hackneyed notion of her or any woman trying out for the N.B.A., raised recently by the Dallas Mavericks &#x2019; owner, Mark Cuban ? That it would be an invitation to embarrassment? That she &#x2014; at 6 feet 8 inches &#x2014; would rather dominate in the W.N.B.A. against
doc_id: 1285
ON COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Not Recoiling From a Leadership Role for Louisville
&#xA0;ATLANTA&#xa; &#xa;In the moments immediately after Louisville guard Kevin Ware&#x2019;s right leg snapped, it was virtually impossible not to recoil. A shard of bone jutted grotesquely through the skin, so players, coaches, officials and fans understandably &#x2014; and uniformly &#x2014; shrank back. &#xA0;Except Luke Hancock. While everyone
doc_id: 1286
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Amherst Takes D-III Title
Amherst pulled away late to beat Mary Hardin-Baylor, 87-70, in Atlanta and win its second Division III national championship. &#xa; &#xa;There was a brief interruption in play early in the second half when a bank of lights inside Philips Arena went out. The officials huddled at the first dead ball and decided to press on with the game. The lights
doc_id: 1287
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Devils&#x2019; Losing Streak Hits 7; Ovechkin Keeps Up His Pace
Nathan Gerbe scored the only goal in the shootout to give the host Buffalo Sabres a 3-2 victory Sunday night over the Devils, extending their losing streak to seven games.&#xa; &#xa;Ryan Miller stopped 37 shots through overtime and all three shootout attempts, including a victory-clinching glove save on Travis Zajac. The Devils&#x2019; loss
doc_id: 1288
SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING; Victory on Familiar Track
Jimmie Johnson pulled away on a restart with eight laps to go and won the Nascar Sprint Cup Series race at Martinsville Speedway in Virginia on Sunday. It was his eighth career win at Martinsville. SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING
doc_id: 1289
KNICKS 125, THUNDER 120; Knicks Extend Streak And, Beating Thunder, Give It Some Weight
OKLAHOMA CITY &#x2014; The precise moment when the Knicks &#x2019; self-resuscitating winning streak turned from impressive to charmed came Sunday afternoon, on the court of the N.B.A.&#x2019;s most dazzling young team, in a game that was within inches of slipping from their grasp.&#xa; &#xa;Raymond Felton fell down in the lane. The ball popped
doc_id: 1290
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Cluess Staying at Iona
Iona Coach Tim Cluess announced late Saturday that he had &#x201C;recommitted to coaching the Gaels,&#x201D; taking himself out of the running for the opening at Hofstra, according to a news release.&#xa; &#xa;Cluess, a Long Island native who has led Iona to a 70-34 record and back-to-back N.C.A.A. tournament appearances in three seasons, signed a
doc_id: 1291
SPORTS BRIEFING | HORSE RACING; Long Shot Triumphs
Auroras Encore, a 66-1 long shot, won the Grand National Steeplechase by nine lengths Saturday in Aintree, England, in a race shadowed by recent horse deaths. All 40 horses in the event returned unscathed after only 17 finished the 4.5-mile course. Four horses died in the previous two editions of the race, prompting organizers to modify the course.
doc_id: 1292
Woods, Putting Well and Seemingly at Peace, Is Masters Favorite Again
Like the towering oak outside Augusta National&#x2019;s clubhouse, Tiger Woods will cast a considerable shadow over this year&#x2019;s Masters. With his trunk once again in perfect alignment over putts, Woods, a four-time champion, arrives at the men&#x2019;s first major of the year as the world&#x2019;s No. 1 golfer and the prohibitive favorite.
doc_id: 1293
ON BASKETBALL; At Intersection of Fading Eras in Women&#x2019;s Game
NEW ORLEANS&#xa; &#xa;Imagine the bipartisan bind Danielle Donehew was in, her knot of warring emotions, as she watched Louisville play Tennessee in the regional final of the N.C.A.A. women&#x2019;s basketball tournament last Tuesday night in Oklahoma City. In the final go-round for the Big East Conference as we have known it, Louisville was 40
doc_id: 1294
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; U.S. Trails in Davis Cup
The United States trails Serbia, 2-1, in their Davis Cup quarterfinal after the top-ranked doubles team of Bob and Mike Bryan lost to Nenad Zimonjic and Ilija Bozoljac, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (1), 5-7, 4-6, 15-13, on Saturday in Boise, Idaho. &#xa; &#xa;In the final set, the Serbians had two break points on Bob Bryan&#x2019;s serve in the ninth game, but the
doc_id: 1295
IN-BOX; Misplaced Priorities at Rutgers and Elsewhere
To the Sports Editor:&#xa; &#xa;Re &#x201C;Rutgers Leaders Are Faulted on Abusive Coach,&#x201D; April 4: As much shame and disgrace deserve to be heaped upon the former Rutgers men&#x2019;s basketball coach Mike Rice, it goes double for the once-esteemed and prestigious institution that continued to employ him after it learned of the appalling
doc_id: 1296
High Speeds, Injuries and More Competition Lead to a Renewed Focus on Safety
MARTINSVILLE, Va. &#x2014; Denny Hamlin stood atop his hauler at Martinsville Speedway on Friday and watched as Mark Martin wheeled the No. 11 Toyota around the track during Sprint Cup practice. That was Hamlin&#x2019;s racecar, the number he drove for 264 consecutive Cup races since late 2005. His streak will not reach 265.&#xa; &#xa;Hamlin will
doc_id: 1297
Semifinal Between Williamses Ends in Rout
DANIEL ISLAND, S.C. &#x2014; The first match between Venus and Serena Williams in nearly four years drew the largest crowd in the Family Circle Cup&#x2019;s history, with 9,538 fans on hand Saturday to watch Serena defeat her older sister, 6-1, 6-2, in a semifinal that lasted just 54 minutes.&#xa; &#xa;Serena, a 15-time Grand Slam singles champion,
doc_id: 1298
On an Aching Roster, a Knick Prefers to Forgo Ice
After a recent game in Utah, at the end of the Knicks &#x2019; Western trip, Kurt Thomas had his right foot in a large bucket of ice. Across the room, Jason Kidd held a bag of ice against his left wrist. J. R. Smith iced his shins and ankles, Iman Shumpert both knees.&#xa; &#xa;It was a typical scene in the locker room of the Knicks, the
doc_id: 1299
METS 7, MARLINS 3; Trade Footnote, Buck Now Matters to Mets
John Buck began the year as an afterthought, the footnote to the package of players who arrived this winter from the Toronto Blue Jays for R. A. Dickey, the Mets &#x2019; former ace. Rather, it was the pair of young prospects in the deal &#x2014; catcher Travis d&#x2019;Arnaud and the right-handed pitcher Noah Syndergaard &#x2014; who garnered all
doc_id: 1300
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Messi Sits as Bar&#xe7;a Wins
Cesc F&#xE0;bregas scored three goals in place of the injured Lionel Messi, powering Barcelona in a 5-0 thrashing of Mallorca in Spain&#x2019;s top league. &#xC9;ric Abidal entered the game in the 70th minute and played his first match for Barcelona since receiving a liver transplant last year.&#xa; &#xa;Cristiano Ronaldo came on as a substitute to
doc_id: 1301
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; Imagining the Majors With No Nicklaus or Woods
Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods &#x2014; you can&#x2019;t have one without the other. As the Masters approaches, they embody a golf question for the ages. You can&#x2019;t discuss Jack&#x2019;s record 18 major titles without wondering if Tiger, who has 14, will surpass him.&#xa; &#xa;But what if neither had ever played on the PGA Tour? Don&#x2019;t
doc_id: 1302
Turning Around A Life Adrift
JONESBORO, Ark.&#xa; &#xa;Deep in the Delta, across a four-lane road from a field of sheep, Josh Jarboe stood on a windswept stadium floor in mid-March, naked from the waist up. Virtually every inch of his torso, back and arms was inked: an angel, a scorpion, the Grim Reaper; the names of his mother, grandmother, little sister; the motto Live Now,
doc_id: 1303
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; James Returns To Lead Heat Over the 76ers
LeBron James scored 27 points in his return from a strained right hamstring, five other Miami players reached double figures, and the Heat moved closer to securing home-court advantage for the entire N.B.A. playoffs by beating the visiting Philadelphia 76ers , 106-87, on Saturday night.&#xa; &#xa;Outscoring Philadelphia, 29-11, in the fourth
doc_id: 1304
MICHIGAN 61, SYRACUSE 56; Michigan Forces Syracuse Out of Comfort Zone, and Final Four
ATLANTA &#x2014; Late in the second half Saturday, Coach John Beilein worked the Michigan sideline, his jacket off, his sleeves rolled up, his tie loosened. He crouched. He leaned. He clapped and shouted. It was part coaching, part pleading, part aerobics.&#xa; &#xa;There Beilein stood, a handful of heart-thumping minutes from the national
doc_id: 1305
Horschel Leads in Texas
Billy Horschel shot a two-under 70 to take a two-shot lead over Jim Furyk and Charley Hoffman after three rounds of the PGA&#x2019;s Texas Open in San Antonio.
doc_id: 1306
For Wares, It&#x2019;s Been Tough to Watch
ATLANTA &#x2014; Passengers on the express bus from Throgs Neck in the Bronx to East 23rd Street in Manhattan last Monday morning might have wondered why their driver was wearing sunglasses on a cloudy day. Kevin Ware Sr., the father of Louisville&#x2019;s famously injured guard, said he had no choice.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Man to man? I was
doc_id: 1307
F.B.I. Investigating Former Rutgers Assistant
The F.B.I. is investigating whether the assistant at Rutgers who first voiced concerns about the abusive behavior of his boss, Mike Rice, tried to extort the university. &#xa; &#xa;As part of its investigation, an F.B.I. agent recently visited the office of Tim Pernetti, the athletic director, according to two people familiar with the
doc_id: 1308
Two Child-Rearing Stories On the Way to a Major
RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. &#x2014; Behind most decorated female golfers is a devoted father. They are easy to spot during their daughters&#x2019; rounds this week at Mission Hills Country Club, skulking in the shadows like burglars casing their next target. Their children are their most precious jewels, and they will go to great lengths to give them
doc_id: 1309
TOP ARTICLES
The five most viewed articles on nytimes.com/sports from March 29 to April 4.&#xa; &#xa;1. KEVIN WARE&#x2019;S GRUESOME INJURY FROM AN INNOCUOUS PLAY Louisville&#x2019;s sophomore reserve guard broke his lower right leg in two places after he tried to block a shot. (Published March 31) 2. RUTGERS FIRES BASKETBALL COACH MIKE RICE AFTER VIDEO GOES
doc_id: 1310
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Hat Trick By Ovechkin Lifts Capitals
Alex Ovechkin recorded his 12th career hat trick and added an assist, and the surging Washington Capitals survived a late rally by the host Florida Panthers for a 4-3 victory Saturday.&#xa; &#xa;Ovechkin scored twice from close range on the power play and weaved through defenders for his other goal. He has 23 goals this season. &#x201C;The guys did
doc_id: 1311
CHATTER BOX
&#x2018;The way these young men were treated by the head coach was completely unacceptable and violates the trust those parents &#xa; &#xa;put in Rutgers University.&#x2019; CHRIS CHRISTIE, the New Jersey governor, referring to the abuse of basketball players by Mike Rice, who was fired as coach after a video of his tactics was made public.
doc_id: 1312
LOUISVILLE 72, WICHITA STATE 68; Behind Early, Tested Late, Almost There
ATLANTA &#x2014; In Louisville&#x2019;s first 160 minutes of basketball this N.C.A.A. tournament, its faithful could count how many times they were even moderately worried about their Cardinals on one hand. With five fingers down. &#xa; &#xa;And then came Saturday&#x2019;s national semifinal against the Wichita State Shockers, who played angry,
doc_id: 1313
TIGERS 8, YANKEES 4; Yanks Off to Worst Start in 7 Years as Pitching Falters Again
DETROIT &#x2014; Less than a week into the season, all the dire predictions about how bad the Yankees would be, especially in the first month, are looking quite accurate, but for the wrong reasons.&#xa; &#xa;With an 8-4 loss to the slugging Detroit Tigers on Saturday at Comerica Park, the Yankees fell to 1-4 for the first time since 2006. But the
doc_id: 1314
NETS 105, BOBCATS 96; Nets Get a Tough Win Against a Lowly Team
The Nets had eight games left in the regular season when the last-place Charlotte Bobcats came to town Saturday, in what was assumed would be a figurative stroll in the park as Brooklyn built toward the postseason.&#xa; &#xa;The Nets finally had a complete and healthy lineup, and, with seven of their final eight games against teams with losing
doc_id: 1315
Rutgers Officials Long Knew of Coach&#x2019;s Actions
They first saw the video Nov. 26, the Monday after Thanksgiving, inside an office in Piscataway, N.J., but it was hardly the first time that senior Rutgers officials had heard of the troubling behavior of Mike Rice, the men&#x2019;s basketball coach. &#xa; &#xa;There was the upperclassman who earlier in the year had come forward to say that he felt
doc_id: 1316
Ebbets, His Team And His Ballpark
Charles H. Ebbets grew up on Spring Street in Manhattan, but he became inextricably linked with Brooklyn by the time he was a young man.&#xa; &#xa;Ebbets was a charter employee of Brooklyn&#x2019;s baseball team, as an assistant secretary and handyman, when it played its first game in 1883. Over the years, he gained responsibility for scheduling
doc_id: 1317
OFF THE DRIBBLE; Lose Some Now, Avoid The Heat Later
It may sound ridiculous to declare six better than four or five, but when it comes to playoff seedings in the Eastern Conference, you could certainly make the argument that it would be better to be worse.&#xa; &#xa;The imbalance of power between the East and the stronger West in the N.B.A., other than at the top, is still a major factor. But in the
doc_id: 1318
ROUNDUP; Nationals Blow Lead But Prevail In the 11th
Ian Desmond made two errors at shortstop that helped the Cincinnati Reds take the game to extra innings, but he led off the 11th with his first home run of the season, helping to rally the visiting Washington Nationals to a 7-6 victory Saturday.&#xa; &#xa;Wilson Ramos hit two home runs for the Nationals, including a solo homer off J. J. Hoover
doc_id: 1319
Far From Reservation, Sisters Lead Louisville
OKLAHOMA CITY &#x2014; Louisville had just advanced to the women&#x2019;s Final Four, and the sisters Shoni and Jude Schimmel had helped cut the nets in celebration, a rare achievement for American Indian athletes. But it was not the biggest family news of the day.&#xa; &#xa;As the sisters left the court Tuesday night, their father beamed and their
doc_id: 1320
Card Sells for $2.1 Million
A 1909 Honus Wagner baseball card was sold for more than $2.1 million at auction. The T206 card, originally released by the American Tobacco Company, went for $2,105,770.50 in an online sale, Goldin Auctions said. (AP)
doc_id: 1321
EXTRA BASES; An Autograph Collector With Special Access
Don Schulze is the pitching coach for the Midland RockHounds, a minor league affiliate of the Oakland Athletics , two rungs below the majors. In 1985, after Schulze had gone 3-6 for the Cleveland Indians, Topps rewarded him with card No. 93 in its annual baseball card set.&#xa; &#xa;This would be mundane to almost everyone in a major league uniform
doc_id: 1322
As Derby Favorite, Verrazano Beats Traffic in Queens
Verrazano came to New York, the city that boasts the bridge for which he is named, undefeated and bearing the title of early Kentucky Derby favorite.&#xa; &#xa;On a sunny Saturday at the urban and outdated Aqueduct Racetrack in Queens, where airplanes fly past the track and a shiny new casino next door completes a gambler&#x2019;s paradise,
doc_id: 1323
RANGERS 4, HURRICANES 1; By Stopping 48 Shots, Lundqvist Saves 2 Precious Points
RALEIGH, N.C. &#x2014; If the Rangers needed a breather after back-to-back games against Eastern Conference-leading Pittsburgh and before two critical meetings with Toronto this week, the schedule offered this kindness on Saturday night: a trip to Carolina . The fading Hurricanes had lost 10 of their last 11 games and had to play without the
doc_id: 1324
SOCCER ROUNDUP; Bayern Clinches Title
Bayern Munich clinched the Bundesliga title with six games to spare, winning by 1-0 at Eintracht Frankfurt on Saturday after Bastian Schweinsteiger scored in the 52nd minute.&#xa; &#xa;Bayern Munich, the first team to clinch this season in a major European league, maintained a 20-point lead over second-place Borussia Dortmund, which rallied from a
doc_id: 1325
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Nuggets Without Gallinari
The Denver Nuggets will be without the versatile forward Danilo Gallinari for the rest of the season after tests showed he tore his left A.C.L. against Dallas on Thursday night. Gallinari, averaged 16.2 points, 5.2 rebounds and 2.5 assists in 71 games this season. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
doc_id: 1326
PENGUINS 2, RANGERS 1 (SO); Moving Up Standings, Rangers Throw Some Elbows and Grab a Point
PITTSBURGH &#x2014; The game had a playoff feel to it, fast and desperate, hard-hitting and angry, with accusations flying afterward like pucks and errant elbows. The Penguins won, 2-1, in a shootout, but the Rangers were encouraged by a tenacious performance that earned them a precious point in the standings.&#xa; &#xa;Rick Nash&#x2019;s goal with
doc_id: 1327
TIGERS 8, YANKEES 3; Return to Detroit Costs the Yankees Another Shortstop
DETROIT &#x2014; It was six months ago that the Yankees were knocked out of the postseason here in humiliating fashion, barely scoring a run in Detroit&#x2019;s four-game sweep. On Friday, the Yankees returned and immediately encountered more of the same.&#xa; &#xa;With Prince Fielder rocketing two home runs, one of them hit so hard it knocked down
doc_id: 1328
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; McIlroy&#x2019;s 67 Pulls Him Close to Lead in Texas
Rory McIlroy matched the low round of the day with a five-under-par 67 to move three shots off the lead at the Texas Open in San Antonio on Friday, continuing his last-minute preparations for next week&#x2019;s Masters. The leader is Billy Horschel, who shot a second straight 68 to go to eight under. SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF
doc_id: 1329
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Lions Add Veteran Kicker Akers
The Detroit Lions added the four-time All-Pro kicker David Akers, one day after their veteran Jason Hanson retired. San Francisco released Akers a month ago after he slumped during the 2012 season. SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL
doc_id: 1330
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Heat, Minus Stars, Roll Past Bobcats
Mike Miller scored a season-high 26 points on seven 3-pointers, and the injury-depleted Miami Heat beat the host Charlotte Bobcats, 89-79. The Heat won despite playing without LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Ray Allen, who were held out while recovering from injuries.&#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Kevin Durant overcame a bruised left calf to score 34 points and
doc_id: 1331
Athletic Director Quits at Rutgers As Fallout Grows
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. &#x2014; As Rutgers officials tried Friday to calm the public furor over their handling of abusive behavior by the Scarlet Knights &#x2019; men&#x2019;s basketball coach, the university president and athletic director presented conflicting depictions of who was responsible for the decision to keep the coach on staff after
doc_id: 1332
New Name Near Top Isn&#x2019;t Shock to All
RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. &#x2014; The appearance near the top of the Kraft Nabisco Championship leader board of Jodi Ewart Shadoff, a nonwinner on the L.P.G.A. Tour, came as no surprise to the sports anchor where she lives in Sarasota, Fla. He pointed out that Ewart Shadoff ranked second on the tour in greens in regulation and was in the top 25 in
doc_id: 1333
MICHIGAN VS. SYRACUSE; Michigan Assistant a Showman, Too
ATLANTA &#x2014; Somehow, they all work, the varied elements of Bacari Alexander&#x2019;s story. Somehow, it all ties together, from the streets of Detroit to the Harlem Globetrotters to the Michigan Wolverines, from nutcrackers to construction hard hats to sledgehammers, from custom suits to Magic Circles to basketballs that spin forever on his
doc_id: 1334
LOUISVILLE VS. WICHITA STATE; Programs Change, but Pitino&#x2019;s Methods Do Not
ATLANTA &#x2014; The laboratory back then was Case Gymnasium, a cozy cedar closet of an arena that must have felt like a casino floor to the men&#x2019;s basketball team at Boston University . The windows were taped over for practice, and the clocks were, too. Rick Pitino was a first-time head coach who possessed the energy of an uncoiled spring,
doc_id: 1335
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Santa Clara Holds on for C.B.I. Title
Kevin Foster had 24 points, Marc Trasolini had 20 points and Evan Roquemore added 19 points as visiting Santa Clara defeated George Mason, 80-77, to win the third and deciding game of the College Basketball Invitational Finals. George Mason guard Patrick Holloway&#x2019;s 3-point try to send the game into overtime hit the back iron as time expired.
doc_id: 1336
&#x2019;73 Knicks, Including Jackson, Get a Garden Welcome
Phil Jackson does not spend much time wading in old memories or romanticizing his past. He is not the sentimental type. But when the 1973 Knicks call, Jackson answers.&#xa; &#xa;He came for the reunion dinner a few years ago, when seven members of that championship team gathered and gabbed until midnight at the Tribeca Grill. He returned Thursday
doc_id: 1337
Verrazano Enters Wood Memorial With Undefeated Record at Stake
The undefeated colt Verrazano will seek his fourth straight win when he runs in the $1 million Wood Memorial at Aqueduct Racetrack on Saturday.&#xa; &#xa;Verrazano is the 4-5 morning-line favorite in the race, a final steppingstone to the Kentucky Derby on May 4. The unbeaten Vyjack has 4-1 odds, Normandy Invasion is 5-1, and the rest of the field
doc_id: 1338
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; A Motivational Thread Ties the Junction Boys to Rutgers
The death of Jack Pardee on Monday and the firing of the Rutgers men&#x2019;s basketball coach Mike Rice on Wednesday bring us to a compelling intersection of coaching norms and excessive behavior. They also remind us that the good old days weren&#x2019;t all that good.&#xa; &#xa;Pardee was an extraordinary football player and a good coach. He
doc_id: 1339
Reclaiming A Knicks Title
The two videotapes that contain Game 5 of the 1973 N.B.A. finals had broken down chemically, turning them soft and sticky. They would not budge in a tape deck. &#xa; &#xa;They were so decrepit that Maurice Schechter, who has restored tapes damaged by seawater, viewed salvaging evidence of the game as the biggest challenge of his career.
doc_id: 1340
Death Again Visits a Tradition on Trial
AINTREE, England &#x2014; The death of a second horse in two days at the Grand National meeting at Aintree Racecourse has dampened spirits on the eve of the 166th running of the Grand National steeplechase, a race that animal rights groups declared to be &#x201C;on a yellow card&#x201D; after a run of 18 deaths in the past 20 years, including four
doc_id: 1341
ROUNDUP; Williams Sisters Win Four Times In One Day
DANIEL ISLAND, S.C. &#x2014; Unusual things can bloom after a heavy rainfall. Witness Friday&#x2019;s unorthodox but highly entertaining schedule at the Family Circle Cup, which featured a quadruple-header for the Williams sisters.&#xa; &#xa;With the order of play backlogged because of a downpour on Thursday, Venus Williams took the court at 11
doc_id: 1342
KNICKS 101, BUCKS 83; Knicks Win 11th Straight As Anthony Scores 41
Amid the dreamscape that has been the Knicks &#x2019; recent surge, various obstacles have threatened to derail them, though none with much success.&#xa; &#xa;There have been injuries and turbulent road trips, a grueling regular season grinding toward the playoffs. The latest challenge presented itself Friday night in the form of the Milwaukee
doc_id: 1343
With All Its Titles, Bayern Munich Hungers for an Elusive One
BERLIN &#x2014; They wear red uniforms, have an unfair concentration of top athletic talent and are crushing the rest of their league into submission. They are not the Miami Heat, but Germany&#x2019;s F.C. Bayern Munich.&#xa; &#xa;With a victory on Saturday in Frankfurt, Bayern can win the top German league, the Bundesliga, faster than any team in
doc_id: 1344
An Unlikely Route to the Masters
As dusk settled over Augusta National Golf Club in January, John Peterson prepared to play the famous par-3 12th hole, the most photographed golf real estate in the world. The moment was overwhelming, so he backed away from the ball.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;There was no one there except me and my caddie,&#x201D; Peterson, 23, said. &#x201C;Probably
doc_id: 1345
Death Again Visits a Tradition on Trial
AINTREE, England &#x2014; The death of a second horse in two days at the Grand National meeting at Aintree Racecourse has dampened spirits on the eve of the 166th running of the Grand National steeplechase, a race that animal rights groups declared to be &#x201C;on a yellow card&#x201D; after a run of 18 deaths in the past 20 years, including four
doc_id: 1346
Accidental Game Changers
ATLANTA &#x2014; The last 10 minutes of a college basketball game will never be described as crisp. Between television stoppages and a never-ending procession of coaches&#x2019; timeouts, the average fan watching an N.C.A.A. tournament game often sees an abundance of commercials, countless team huddles and the odd spurt of game action, which
doc_id: 1347
MARLINS 7, METS 5; Marlins Win a Meeting Of Rebuilding Teams
A year ago, when the Mets and the Marlins first faced each other at Citi Field, the question entering the series was how fans would receive shortstop Jose Reyes, who had left New York to sign a big free-agent contract with Miami in the off-season. Would they cheer? Would they boo?&#xa; &#xa;Reyes is long gone now, both from New York and Miami, part
doc_id: 1348
GIANTS 1, CARDINALS 0; Giants Raise a Banner And Get Back to Work
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; The last time the Giants raised a championship banner, after their 2010 World Series victory, it came on a wave of civic incredulity that such a thing could happen after a 56-year dry spell. &#xa; &#xa;But when the team raised its latest banner, before its home opener Friday, there was no mistaking the difference in tenor.
doc_id: 1349
Final Four Matchups
LOUISVILLE VS. WICHITA STATE&#xa; &#xa;Saturday&#x2019;s first national semifinal features the top-seeded team in the tournament, the Cardinals, and the most surprising member of the Final Four, the Shockers. How appropriate. Chief among Wichita State&#x2019;s concerns? Louisville&#x2019;s pressure defense, the one that cooked Syracuse, Oregon and
doc_id: 1350
GIANTS 1, CARDINALS 0; Giants Raise a Banner And Get Back to Work
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; The last time the Giants raised a championship banner, after their 2010 World Series victory, it came on a wave of civic incredulity that such a thing could happen after a 56-year dry spell. &#xa; &#xa;But when the team raised its latest banner, before its home opener Friday, there was no mistaking the difference in tenor.
doc_id: 1351
Final Four Matchups
LOUISVILLE VS. WICHITA STATE&#xa; &#xa;Saturday&#x2019;s first national semifinal features the top-seeded team in the tournament, the Cardinals, and the most surprising member of the Final Four, the Shockers. How appropriate. Chief among Wichita State&#x2019;s concerns? Louisville&#x2019;s pressure defense, the one that cooked Syracuse, Oregon and
doc_id: 1352
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Wambach Nears International Scoring Record
Abby Wambach scored her 155th international goal, moving three behind Mia Hamm &#x2019;s record, but the United States women gave up two goals in the final five minutes and settled for a 3-3 tie in an exhibition against Germany in Offenbach. The Americans extended their unbeaten streak to 30 games. Megan Rapinoe and Alex Morgan also scored. This is
doc_id: 1353
ROUNDUP; Davis Homers Again As Orioles Top Twins
Chris Davis extended his torrid start with a grand slam and five runs batted in, and the Baltimore Orioles used a five-run eighth inning to beat Minnesota, 9-5, on Friday in their home opener.&#xa; &#xa;Davis became the fourth player in major league history to homer in his first four games of the season, joining Willie Mays, Mark McGwire and Nelson
doc_id: 1354
&#x2018;In a Moment&#xd; It Can All Be Gone&#x2019;
The broken leg felt round the country &#x2014; during college basketball&#x2019;s showcase event &#x2014; left teammates and coaches in tears and television networks turning away from video of the gruesome injury. It also inflamed the debate about the treatment and care of unpaid college athletes who help generate hundreds of millions of dollars
doc_id: 1355
YANKEES 4, RED SOX 2; Just Like Old Times, It&#x2019;s Pettitte, Rivera, Victory
Joe Girardi is not the type of manager who goes around giving fire-and-brimstone speeches to his players, or to members of the news media. The Girardi way is to be steady to the point of being dispassionate, never too high and never too low. In the Yankees &#x2019; black-and-white pinstripe world, Girardi is a muted shade of gray.&#xa; &#xa;So it
doc_id: 1356
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Two Tied for Texas Lead
Matt Bettencourt and Peter Tomasulo shot five-under par 67s to earn the surprising lead after the first round of the Texas Open in San Antonio. SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF
doc_id: 1357
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Making Debut, Jagr Lifts Bruins Over Devils
Jaromir Jagr scored off his skate in his Bruins debut, and Tuukka Rask stopped 40 shots to lead Boston to a 1-0 home victory over the Devils on Thursday night.&#xa; &#xa;Acquired from Dallas this week before the N.H.L.&#x2019;s trading deadline, Jagr, 41, joined the Bruins for the pregame skate Thursday morning and quickly endeared himself to
doc_id: 1358
MICHIGAN VS. SYRACUSE; Itinerant Path to Final 4: Winning Games and Respect
ATLANTA &#x2014; The usual collection of college basketball coaches arrived this week for the Final Four. They came from the smallest universities and the major programs; they came to network, to trade inbounds plays and to debate the finer points of the 1-3-1 press.&#xa; &#xa;Often, their conversations lingered on John Beilein, the Michigan coach
doc_id: 1359
Jackson Back at Garden To Celebrate 1973 Team
Phil Jackson is finally returning to Madison Square Garden as a Knick &#x2014; not in the role that fans might have wanted, but returning as a Knick all the same.&#xa; &#xa;Jackson and the rest of the Knicks &#x2019; 1973 championship team will be honored Friday night as the franchise celebrates the 40th anniversary of its last title. It will be
doc_id: 1360
Pressure Builds On Rutgers President
Robert L. Barchi arrived at Rutgers University in September as a man with no time to waste.&#xa; &#xa;Gov. Chris Christie had pushed through a plan to reorganize higher education in the state, and he wanted it done in less than a year. No one knew how much it would cost, but it was clear that Rutgers would have to find a way to pay for it. As
doc_id: 1361
When the Shouts Stop Echoing
Two years ago Mike Rice sat in Terry Henderson&#x2019;s living room and asked him to entrust his son to the basketball program at Rutgers. At the time, Terry Jr. was a talented player at Neuse Christian Academy in Raleigh, N.C., with scholarship options, and his father was trying to decide which college coach would get &#x201C;the keys to my
doc_id: 1362
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Thieves Spoil Birthday
While the Miami Heat star Chris Bosh was celebrating his birthday at a Morocco-themed party complete with live camels, the police said, thieves made off with about $340,000 in jewelry and cash from his home. SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL
doc_id: 1363
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Torres Powers Chelsea
Fernando Torres scored twice in a game for the first time in four months as Chelsea claimed a 3-1 win over visiting Rubin Kazan in the first leg of their Europa League quarterfinal.&#xa; &#xa;Benfica came from behind to beat visiting Newcastle, 3-1, while host Fenerbahce scored two late goals to claim a 2-0 victory over Lazio, which was down to 10
doc_id: 1364
BULLS 92, NETS 90; Back in Brooklyn, Nets Falter Yet Again In the Third Quarter
The lights went out. Players bounced together in unison on the herringbone floor for the first time in 18 days. Fireworks shot into the air. The Nets were back in Brooklyn, and a sellout crowd at Barclays Center was treated to a close game and a frenetic finish.&#xa; &#xa;When Brook Lopez&#x2019;s baseline jumper spun in and out, the Chicago Bulls
doc_id: 1365
ROUNDUP; Strong Start Continues For Davis And Orioles
Chris Davis homered for the third straight day and drove in four runs to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 6-3 victory over the host Tampa Bay Rays on Thursday.&#xa; &#xa;Davis went 7 of 11 with 3 homers, 3 doubles and a major league-leading 11 runs batted in to help the Orioles win two of three games in the season-opening series. He drove in four
doc_id: 1366
Wie, Now a Veteran at 23, Learns to Shrug Off Her Critics
RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. &#x2014; As Michelle Wie and her playing partner emerged from the scoring tent behind the ninth hole at Mission Hills Country Club on Thursday, one spectator turned to another and said, &#x201C;Isn&#x2019;t she the one that&#x2019;s the youngest player?&#x201D; &#xa; &#xa;The fan was referring to Lydia Ko, the 15-year-old from
doc_id: 1367
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Pac-12 Official Resigns
Ed Rush resigned Thursday as the Pac-12 conference&#x2019;s basketball coordinator of officials after comments during meetings before the league tournament that appeared critical of Arizona Coach Sean Miller. Pac-12 Commissioner Larry Scott said Wednesday that Rush made an &#x201C;inappropriate joke&#x201D; before the Pac-12 tournament semifinals
doc_id: 1368
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Lions&#x2019; Hanson Retires
Jason Hanson, the Detroit Lions kicker, is retiring after 21 seasons. Hanson, 42, became the first player to play 300 games with one franchise, finishing with 327 games. He also set an N.F.L. record last year when he played his 21st season with the same team. Hanson made a record 52 field goals from at least 50 yards. He is third on the career
doc_id: 1369
PADRES 2, METS 1; Gee Shines, but Mets&#x2019; Offense Vanishes, Along With Their Perfect Mark
Dillon Gee was starting a game for the Mets for the first time since the middle of last summer, and it was clear that certain things on the mound &#x2014; his motion, his release points and the vague thing players describe as &#x201C;feel&#x201D; &#x2014; were not quite synced up.&#xa; &#xa;Yet Gee, back to full health after having surgery last
doc_id: 1370
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Gallinari Hurt in Win
Corey Brewer scored 23 points and got a hand on Anthony Morrow&#x2019;s last-second shot to preserve the Denver Nuggets &#x2019; 19th straight home win, 95-94 over the Dallas Mavericks . But the Nuggets&#x2019; dreams of a deep playoff run might have taken a huge hit when they lost forward Danilo Gallinari to what looked like a serious knee injury.
doc_id: 1371
Boise for Davis Cup? It Has Advantages
BOISE, Idaho &#x2014; Novak Djokovic is the top-ranked men&#x2019;s tennis player in the world. He is so intelligent, so engaging, so interested in current affairs that speculation about his post-playing days often touches on the possibility of a political career back home in Serbia. &#xa; &#xa;But even a worldly and well-traveled athlete like
doc_id: 1372
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Baylor Wins N.I.T.
Pierre Jackson had his fourth straight double-double with 17 points and 10 assists to lead Baylor to its first National Invitation Tournament title with a 74-54 win over Iowa on Thursday at Madison Square Garden. Cory Jefferson scored 23 points, and Isaiah Austin had 15 points and 9 rebounds for the Bears (23-14). Mike Gesell led Iowa (25-13) with
doc_id: 1373
Disappointed Armstrong Stopped From Competing
Lance Armstrong , who is serving a lifetime ban from Olympic sports because of serious doping violations, planned to return to athletic competition this week at a masters swimming event that does not test its athletes for drugs. But after learning of Armstrong&#x2019;s entry, the International Swimming Federation on Thursday put a stop to his
doc_id: 1374
LEADING OFF; Tough Days for Yankees and Knights
For a day that started with so much promise, Wednesday quickly turned grumpy. It started as the day people would feel some sort of satisfaction at Rutgers dumping its abusive basketball coach, Mike Rice , but then became the dissatisfying one with no retribution for a wishy-washy athletic director and backside-covering president. It started as the
doc_id: 1375
ON BASEBALL; In Uncertain Season, a Familiar Combination Works Fine
There were echoes Thursday of the greatest moment this young stadium has ever hosted, back in 2009, when the Yankees won the World Series. Andy Pettitte started that night and Mariano Rivera finished. The Yankees took their place on baseball&#x2019;s mountaintop, where they believe they always belong. King of the hill, top of the heap.&#xa;
doc_id: 1376
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Enfield Joins U.S.C.
Andy&#xA0;Enfield&#xA0;was introduced as the new coach at Southern California. Enfield, 43, who coached Florida Gulf Coast to an upset of Georgetown as a No. 15 seed in the N.C.A.A. tournament, called it &#x201C;an unbelievable dream, something that I&#x2019;ve been working towards for many, many years.&#x201D; SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL
doc_id: 1377
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Celtics 98, Pistons 93
Jeff Green scored 34 points, including a 3-pointer with 45 seconds left to snap Boston&#x2019;s two-minute scoring drought, and the Celtics clinched a playoff berth by beating Detroit, 98-93. Paul Pierce and Brandon Bass scored 17 points apiece for the host Celtics, who had lost seven of their previous nine. Greg Monroe had 24 points and 17
doc_id: 1378
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Another First for the Nets: A Record for Road Wins
There have been plenty of novelties for the Nets during their rookie season in Brooklyn after so many years in New Jersey. On Wednesday night, they got another milestone.&#xa; &#xa;Deron Williams dunked. &#x201C;I didn&#x2019;t really plan it,&#x201D; Williams said. &#x201C;It&#x2019;s something that happened.&#x201D; It has been that way all
doc_id: 1379
NETS 113, CAVALIERS 95; Nets Ensure a Winning Road Record for the First Time as an N.B.A. Team
CLEVELAND &#x2014; For the first time since joining the N.B.A. in 1976, the Nets will finish with a winning record on the road. Fittingly, they won their 21st road game of the season by beating a bad team, routing the Cavaliers , 113-95, on Wednesday night. The Nets (43-31) moved to 27-4 against opponents with a record below .500 at the time of the
doc_id: 1380
Sports Briefing | Soccer
Lionel Messi will miss Barcelona&#x2019;s Spanish league match this weekend because of a hamstring injury, but he may play in the Champions League return leg against Paris St.-Germain. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
doc_id: 1381
Ebbets Field&#x27;s Echoes: At 97, the Oldest Living Brooklyn Dodger Reflects
Late one recent night on Bible Street in Cos Cob, Conn., in the carpeted basement apartment of a gray bungalow, Mike Sandlock, 97, had a dream that he was in Yankee Stadium.&#xa; &#xa;A tall, white-haired great-grandfather, he stood at the plate, under pressure to hit a home run. &#x201C;I says: &#x2018;That&#x2019;s not me! I&#x2019;m not a home
doc_id: 1382
RANGERS 6, PENGUINS 1; After Hasty Hellos, New Rangers Make Quick Work of Penguins
No matter how much of a head-scratcher the Marian Gaborik trade may have seemed on Wednesday, the Rangers did not seem to miss him at all at Madison Square Garden. Instead, with three newly acquired players combining to score four goals, the rebooted Rangers put together their best performance of the season, routing the Eastern Conference-leading
doc_id: 1383
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Rangers Deal Gaborik to Columbus
Seventeen deals involving 30 players were made before Wednesday&#x2019;s N.H.L. trading deadline, and among the biggest was the Rangers &#x2019; trade of Marian Gaborik , a three-time 40-goal scorer, and two prospects to the Columbus Blue Jackets for three relatively obscure players and a late-round draft choice.&#xa; &#xa;In exchange for the
doc_id: 1384
ROUNDUP; Day After Darvish Is Nearly Perfect, Rangers Again Mesmerize the Astros
A day after Yu Darvish came within one out of a perfect game, Alexi Ogando and four Texas relievers shut out the Astros again, combining for a five-hitter in the Rangers &#x2019; 4-0 win over host Houston on Wednesday.&#xa; &#xa;Lance Berkman doubled in a run for the Rangers a day after they blanked Houston, 7-0, behind Darvish&#x2019;s gem. Ogando
doc_id: 1385
Two Groups&#xd; Make Pitches&#xd; For the Kings
Just after noon on Wednesday, a large purple and white camper van pulled up in front of the St. Regis Hotel on 55th Street in Manhattan. Several dozen Sacramento Kings fans in purple and white jerseys and hats mobbed the truck like druids welcoming the summer solstice.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I feel like the entire city of Sacramento is here,&#x201D;
doc_id: 1386
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; Flyers Win Third in Row
Wayne Simmonds and Erik Gustafsson scored goals late in the third period to lift the host Philadelphia&#xA0;Flyers &#xA0;to a 5-3 win over the Montreal Canadiens . The Flyers&#xA0;won their third straight game for the first time this season. SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY
doc_id: 1387
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Di Canio Backtracks
Reacting to an outcry, the newly appointed Sunderland manager, Paolo Di Canio, renounced his links to fascism. Detractors have criticized the straight-arm salutes he once performed to fans of his former club Lazio as well a comment in 2005 in which he endorsed fascism. &#x201C;I am not political, I do not affiliate myself to any organization, I am
doc_id: 1388
ON BASEBALL; Cano as Entertainer? Yanks Have to Hope Not
Robinson Cano &#x2019;s new formal business relationship with Jay-Z was such big news on Wednesday that it merited mention on &#x201C;Good Morning America.&#x201D; But that did not mean the host, George Stephanopoulos, was obliged to pronounce Cano&#x2019;s name right. Stephanopoulos called him &#x201C;CAN-o,&#x201D; instead of
doc_id: 1389
GOAL; Madrid Routs Galatasaray
The Goal blog will provide updates and live analysis of Wednesday&#x2019;s UEFA Champions League matches: M&#xE1;laga at Borussia Dortmund and Real Madrid at Galatasaray beginning at 2:45 p.m. Eastern. Check back here for live updates. (Note that videos here will not play outside the United States.)&#xa;&#xa; &#xa;Matchday 2 in the quarterfinals of
doc_id: 1390
KNICKS 95, HAWKS 82; Anthony Scores 40 as Knicks Roll to 10th Straight Win
ATLANTA &#x2014; History was there for the taking, if Carmelo Anthony wanted it. Ten minutes to go, 50 points in reach, and there was Coach Mike Woodson, summoning him from the end of the bench.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;He was sucking wind a little bit,&#x201D; Woodson said, adding, &#x201C;He looked at me like I was crazy.&#x201D; Even superstars on a
doc_id: 1391
METS 8, PADRES 4; Already a Star to Mets Fans, Harvey Dominates the Padres
At only 24 years old and wading into his first full season in the major leagues, Matt Harvey has already come to be seen as one of the Mets &#x2019; biggest stars.&#xa; &#xa;Part of this is a function of the dearth of glamour names on the roster, yet attributing his status solely to that would sell him short. Earlier this week, Harvey received a
doc_id: 1392
Horses Running at Santa Anita AreUnder Surveillance
Horses competing in Saturday&#x2019;s Santa Anita Derby have been put under surveillance for the 72 hours before the race for the first time after an owner with a horse in the race offered to pay for the enhanced security to ensure the race was run fairly and provide transparency to the betting public.&#xa; &#xa; Golden Eagle Farm , a prominent
doc_id: 1393
RED SOX 7, YANKEES 4; Kuroda Is Hurt, Along With Yanks&#x2019; Pride
When Travis Hafner hit his first home run of the season in the fourth inning, it presented a rare opportunity for the operations crew at Yankee Stadium to blast some of that majestic music that has become synonymous with the team&#x2019;s many long-ball trots in recent seasons. &#xa; &#xa;But the celebration lacked its usual vigor, and for good
doc_id: 1394
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE HOCKEY; Hobey Baker Finalists
Johnny Gaudreau of Boston College , Eric Hartzell of Quinnipiac and Drew LeBlanc of St. Cloud State were selected as finalists for the Hobey Baker Award, which honors college hockey&#x2019;s best player. The winner will be announced April 12. SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE HOCKEY
doc_id: 1395
OFF THE DRIBBLE; Teamwork Wins, 1973 Knicks Will Remind Us
History is beckoning the Knicks these days, but which will be the more powerful calling, the individual measure of lasting greatness or the consummate joy of collective achievement? &#xa; &#xa; Carmelo Anthony&#x2019;s 50-point demonstration of near-flawless shooting against the depleted Heat in Miami on Tuesday night stirred memories of Bernard
doc_id: 1396
THE FIFTH DOWN; Cameras in Locker Rooms
In its quest to keep fans in the stands, and give them a reason not to view games in high definition in their livings rooms, the N.F.L. will put cameras into all home team locker rooms next season. Then they will encourage the teams to use the video on their stadium scoreboards, to give fans who buy tickets an inside look at what goes on in the
doc_id: 1397
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; Ebbets Field&#x2019;s Echoes: 100th Birthday&#xd; Of Former Ballpark Conjures Memories
The apartment complex has stood longer than its fabled ancestor. On the wall near the Bedford Avenue entrance to the 1,318 units that rise 20 beige-brick stories is a concrete marker dated 1962 that reads, &#x201C;This Is the Former Site of Ebbets Field.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;People have lived there for more than half a century, longer than the 44
doc_id: 1398
SABRES 4, PENGUINS 1; Penguins&#x2019; Bid For Record Ends at 15
PITTSBURGH (AP) &#x2014; The Penguins &#x2019; run at a record-breaking streak is over. Playing without the injured star Sidney Crosby , Pittsburgh fell to the Buffalo Sabres , 4-1, to end their 15-game winning streak Tuesday night.&#xa; &#xa;Pittsburgh was attempting to draw to one behind the N.H.L. record of 17 consecutive wins set by the 1992-93
doc_id: 1399
WELL; High Line Elevates The Morning Jog
No smoking, dog-walking, biking, skating or scooting.&#xa; &#xa;There is a sign stating certain things you may not do on the High Line, Manhattan&#x2019;s celebrated, elevated pedestrian park that was once a freight railway. Do not throw objects, amplify sound or walk on the gravel or weeds. But something is missing from the list: a prohibition
doc_id: 1400
After Protests, Prison Firm Pulls Donation
Sports stadiums have been named for fast food companies, office supply chains, and banks, but apparently there is one sector of the economy that is not welcome in the sports world: the private prison industry.&#xa; &#xa;Florida Atlantic University announced late Monday that the GEO Group Foundation, the charitable arm of the private prison
doc_id: 1401
With New Move, Jay-Z Enters A Sports Agent State of Mind
His social circle includes the biggest names in sports. His celebrity cachet is unmatched. He has informally advised athletes on everything from housing choices to contract extensions. &#xa; &#xa; Jay-Z has long been in the inner circle of A-listers like Alex Rodriguez and LeBron James, using their names in his lyrics and their star wattage to
doc_id: 1402
Game No. 1, If Not Others, Favors Mets
It is one of those quirky statistics that cannot be explained, other than to concede that baseball is baseball, and the Mets are the Mets.&#xa; &#xa;With their 11-2 victory over the San Diego Padres on Monday, the Mets improved their opening day record to 34-18 (.654). No baseball team has a higher winning percentage in season openers. It is a
doc_id: 1403
If They Meet Knicks in Playoffs, Heat Say They&#x2019;ll Be Ready
MIAMI &#x2014; The Miami Heat are 32-4 at home this season, but half of those losses have come against the Knicks .&#xa; &#xa;The Knicks&#x2019; 102-90 victory Tuesday at American Airlines Arena was devalued to an extent by the injury-related absences of three Heat players &#x2014; LeBron James , Dwyane Wade and Mario Chalmers. But that should not
doc_id: 1404
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Palmer Dealt to Cardinals
The Arizona Cardinals acquired quarterback Carson Palmer from the Oakland Raiders on Tuesday. The Cardinals gave up a conditional seventh-round 2014 draft pick and swapped one of their sixth-round picks this year for Oakland&#x2019;s seventh-round selection. Palmer, 33, put up big numbers with the Raiders last season, but the production did not
doc_id: 1405
PARIS ST.-GERMAIN 2, BARCELONA 2; Barcelona Loses Messi and the Lead, Spoiling Its Evening in Paris
When the prize is the Champions League title, tiny errors and small tweaks become vital.&#xa; &#xa;Paris St.-Germain, the French team built with Qatari government money, held Barcelona to a 2-2 tie at Parc des Princes stadium in Paris on Tuesday night. Lionel Messi scored to put Barcelona ahead, but then limped from the match and possibly out of
doc_id: 1406
ON SOCCER; &#x2018;Can He Win?&#x2019; Trumps &#x2018;Is He a Fascist?&#x2019;
LONDON&#xa; &#xa;The newest top-flight manager in English soccer &#x2014; appointed by the American financier who owns the club and given the emergency task of keeping his club, Sunderland, from tumbling out of the Premier League and losing its rich yield in television rights &#x2014; Paolo di Canio arrived over the weekend with what his critics
doc_id: 1407
Video Puts Rutgers Coach Under Scrutiny
In a video shown Tuesday on ESPN, the Rutgers men&#x2019;s basketball coach, Mike Rice, is seen yelling homophobic slurs at his players, kicking them, grabbing them and shoving them. He also throws basketballs at their legs, their heads and their bodies from point-blank range &#x2014; as if he were playing dodge ball. &#xa; &#xa;The footage, taken
doc_id: 1408
WOMEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; Louisville Takes Out Tennessee In Upset March to Final Four
One enormous upset was not enough for Shoni Schimmel and Louisville. Having gone through two of the sport&#x2019;s powers, the Cardinals are headed to the Final Four.&#xa; &#xa;Schimmel scored 24 points and Louisville beat second-seeded Tennessee, 86-78, in Oklahoma City on Tuesday night to earn the university&#x2019;s second trip to the Final
doc_id: 1409
Rebuilt Blue Jays Stumble Out of Gate
TORONTO &#x2014; The first question posed to Blue Jays Manager John Gibbons in his office Tuesday afternoon dripped with extra meaning.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;John, where were you for Joe Carter&#x2019;s home run in &#x2019;93?&#x201D; he was asked. Gibbons leaned back in his chair and smiled. A blank white calendar, no wins circled or losses crossed,
doc_id: 1410
ROUNDUP; Rangers&#x2019; Darvish Just Misses Perfection
Yu Darvish was one out from a perfect game when Marwin Gonzalez grounded a single between the pitcher&#x2019;s legs, and the Texas Rangers beat the Houston Astros, 7-0, on Tuesday night.&#xa; &#xa;Darvish, a right-hander from Japan, struck out 14 and was in complete control before Gonzalez smacked the first pitch up the middle. Darvish was unable
doc_id: 1411
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; Double Dose on Opening Day Warms the Soul
Two opening days in the same town did not sound kosher.&#xa; &#xa;We are not supposed to mix Yankees and Mets . It says so in the Rules. On second thought, the blitz of home openers in adjacent boroughs Monday answered a midwinter lament: the Clicker Prayer. How many fans made an anguished call for baseball during the long, miserable winter when
doc_id: 1412
After Protests, Prison Firm Pulls Donation
Sports stadiums have been named for fast food companies, office supply chains, and banks, but apparently there is one sector of the economy that is not welcome in the sports world: the private prison industry.&#xa; &#xa;Florida Atlantic University announced late Monday that the GEO Group Foundation, the charitable arm of the private prison
doc_id: 1413
Rangers Obtain Big Forward; Bruins Get Jagr
GREENBURGH, N.Y. &#x2014; On the eve of the N.H.L. trade deadline, the Boston Bruins loaded up for the playoffs by acquiring Jaromir Jagr , and the Rangers , desperate for scoring and grit and now ninth in the Eastern Conference, acquired forward Ryane Clowe from San Jose.&#xa; &#xa;The 30-year-old Clowe is expected to provide the combativeness the
doc_id: 1414
ON SOCCER; &#x2018;Can He Win?&#x2019; Trumps &#x2018;Is He a Fascist?&#x2019;
LONDON&#xa; &#xa;The newest top-flight manager in English soccer &#x2014; appointed by the American financier who owns the club and given the emergency task of keeping his club, Sunderland United, from tumbling out of the Premier League and losing its rich yield in television rights &#x2014; Paolo di Canio arrived over the weekend with what his
doc_id: 1415
Devils&#x2019; Playoff Push Feels Like a Halfhearted Tap
NEWARK &#x2014; The Devils trailed by 2-0 when the feisty right wing Tom Kostopoulos attempted to spark his seemingly listless team by dropping his gloves and exchanging blows with the Islanders&#x2019; Matt Martin on Monday night.&#xa; &#xa;Kostopoulos&#x2019;s effort produced another poor result for the sliding Devils. He was quickly sent to the
doc_id: 1416
Hired Fired
When Robinson Cano rejected the offer of a substantial contract extension from the Yankees before spring training, he was still being represented by Scott Boras , baseball&#x2019;s most formidable and challenging negotiator. It is Boras, after all, who consistently takes big-name players to free agency so they can obtain every last penny possible
doc_id: 1417
KNICKS 102, HEAT 90; Anthony, With the Stage to Himself, Scores 50
MIAMI &#x2014; Carmelo Anthony decided to try to beat the depleted Miami Heat single-handedly Tuesday night, and he succeeded.&#xA0;&#xa; &#xa;Anthony scored 50 points, his career high with the Knicks , going 18 of 26 from the field, including 7 of 10 on 3-pointers, in a 102-90 win at American Airlines Arena. &#x201C;It&#x2019;s a feeling that you
doc_id: 1418
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Baylor Into N.I.T. Final
&#xA0;Pierre Jackson had 24 points and 10 assists to lift Baylor into the National Invitation Tournament title game with a 76-70 win over Brigham Young at Madison Square Garden. Cory Jefferson scored 21 points for Baylor, which will face Iowa, a 71-60 winner over Maryland, in the final. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Akeem Richmond hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer
doc_id: 1419
SPORTS BRIEFING | HORSE RACING; New Drug Laws
Racing regulators in New Mexico will be able to test more horses for illegal drugs and can impose tougher sanctions for violations under legislation signed into law by Gov. Susana Martinez. One new law provides the State Racing Commission with about $700,000 a year for testing race horses. Another law will allow the commission to impose penalties
doc_id: 1420
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; New Coach at Columbia
Stephanie Glance was hired as the women&#x2019;s basketball coach at&#xA0;Columbia. She spent the past three seasons at Illinois State, which made the Women&#x2019;s National Invitation Tournament in each of those seasons. SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL
doc_id: 1421
Ware Plans to Attend Final Four
Louisville guard Kevin Ware is already up and walking in an Indianapolis hospital, and he has a souvenir to keep him company until he is cleared to return to campus.&#xa; &#xa;Coach Rick Pitino brought the Midwest Region championship trophy when he visited Ware, who remains hospitalized after surgery to repair a gruesome fracture in his right leg.
doc_id: 1422
BATS; Plenty of Focus On Rodriguez The Spectator
Alex Rodriguez joined the Yankees for the first time since the disappointing end to last year&#x2019;s playoffs when he was benched. He was in uniform in the clubhouse before Monday&#x2019;s opening game of the season, and spoke briefly with reporters.&#xa; &#xa;He was not introduced before the game but was on the bench in uniform when the game
doc_id: 1423
Red Sox Phenom Arrives Before His Time, as Good as Hoped
Every other member of the Boston Red Sox had signed this jersey, it seemed, when it was presented to Jackie Bradley Jr. so that he could add his name. The other signatures were large, most of them illegible: David Ortiz. Dustin Pedroia. Jon Lester. &#xa; &#xa;Bradley took his time. In neat cursive, he signed: &#x201C;Jackie Bradley Jr., 44.&#x201D;
doc_id: 1424
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Chelsea Tops United
Demba Ba&#x2019;s goal sent Chelsea into the F.A. Cup semifinals with a 1-0 victory over Manchester United on Monday. The game was decided four minutes into the second half when Ba hooked the ball over goalkeeper David De Gea. United was denied an equalizer on Petr Cech&#x2019;s stunning one-handed save to block Javier Hern&#xE1;ndez&#x2019;s
doc_id: 1425
ON BASEBALL; New York (W)&#xd; New York (L); Rebuilding Mets Meet Their Own Expectations
The rain came to Citi Field after the game, as the Mets &#x2019; players changed into their suits and ties for the team&#x2019;s homecoming dinner. The wind whipped garbage around the outfield, below the blank scoreboards. Three blissful hours of baseball already seemed like a dream.&#xa; &#xa;Maybe that is how this opener will be remembered, in
doc_id: 1426
METS 11, PADRES 2; As Usual, Mets Bolt to the Front of a Marathon
All of the familiar opening day sights were present Monday afternoon at Citi Field: the clubhouse pleasantries and on-field pageantry, the overstuffed press box, the freshly trimmed grass and even some sporadic shreds of sun.&#xa; &#xa;And when the first nine innings of the season were over, the result for the Mets was a familiar one, too. For all
doc_id: 1427
SPORTS BRIEFING | CYCLING; Australian Takes Lead
The Australian rider Simon Gerrans won the first stage of the Tour of Basque Country with a sprint finish. Alberto Contador finished seventh with the same time as the leaders. SPORTS BRIEFING | CYCLING
doc_id: 1428
ON BASEBALL; New York (W)&#xd; New York (L); For Yankees, Uncertainty Is Yet Another Newcomer
On his sixth opening day as manager of the Yankees , Joe Girardi said the advice he gave his many new players &#x2014; which could easily have been to continue wearing name tags around the clubhouse &#x2014; was to &#x201C;just be who you are.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;For a how-to demonstration on the art of being devoutly true to one&#x2019;s self, Alex
doc_id: 1429
Rivera Is Back . . . in the Outfield
Mariano Rivera was out shagging fly balls during batting practice Monday but did not run as hard as he did last May, when he tore ligaments in his right knee while doing the same thing in Kansas City and missed the rest of the season. Rivera said he would continue to shag fly balls and expected to get up to full speed before long.&#xa;
doc_id: 1430
Welcome To New York
Collin Cowgill was standing out of breath at third base by the time he realized his first big moment as a Met had just become a little sweeter. He jogged the remaining 90 feet home amid a roar of applause.&#xa; &#xa;Scott Rice had his moment standing along the first-base line during the Mets &#x2019; pregame introductions, when he locked eyes with
doc_id: 1431
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Memphis Tops San Antonio
Mike Conley scored 23 points and drove for a layup with 0.6 of a second left as the Memphis Grizzlies rallied to beat the visiting San Antonio Spurs , 92-90, on Monday night.&#xa; &#xa;The Grizzlies equaled a franchise record with their 50th win, their 12th straight home victory. Tony Parker had 25 points for the Spurs. Tim Duncan did not play
doc_id: 1432
WOMEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; Another Game, Another Rout for Huskies
Breanna Stewart scored 21 points and Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis added 17 to help top-seeded Connecticut rout Kentucky, 83-53, on Monday night in the Bridgeport, Conn., regional final of the women&#x2019;s N.C.A.A. tournament. &#xa; &#xa;The Huskies (33-4) advanced to a record sixth straight Final Four. &#x201C;It definitely doesn&#x2019;t get
doc_id: 1433
Modern Stats Bring WAR to Broadcast Booth (B.A.B.I.P., Too)
KISSIMMEE, Fla. &#x2014; Radio broadcasts of baseball games have filled the summer air for generations with plain-spoken voices of announcers leisurely walking their listeners through nine innings.&#xa; &#xa;Now this piece of Americana &#x2014; one-sided conversations that create a cozy intimacy between fans and announcers &#x2014; is colliding
doc_id: 1434
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; Opening Day, a Ritual of Shared Optimism
Baseball&#x2019;s opening day is the best day in sports.&#xa; &#xa;March Madness may be the best three weeks in sports, but opening day is the most invigorating 24 hours we have. A celebration of new life, a new season, legitimate hope and a clean slate. I&#x2019;ve followed the same opening day ritual for the last 22 seasons: welcoming in the new
doc_id: 1435
ROUNDUP; Harper&#x2019;s Home Runs Back Strasburg
All it took were two at-bats on his first opening day in the majors for Bryce Harper to hit two home runs &#x2014; and to hear some &#x201C;M-V-P!&#x201D; chants.&#xa; &#xa;The Washington Nationals &#x2019; other recent No. 1 overall draft pick, Stephen Strasburg, did his part, too, getting 19 consecutive outs at one stretch of his seven scoreless
doc_id: 1436
THE LEDE; Manager Denies Racism
Just two weeks after a Greek soccer player who celebrated a goal with a fascist salute was barred from representing his country for life, an Italian coach who made the same gesture repeatedly during his playing days has been hired by a club in England&#x2019;s top division.&#xa; &#xa;The appointment of Paolo Di Canio to manage Sunderland, a club
doc_id: 1437
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Colts Add Heyward-Bey
The Indianapolis Colts agreed to terms with the free-agent wide receiver Darrius Heyward-Bey, who has led the Raiders in receptions and receiving yards since he was drafted seventh over all in 2009. Bey, 26, had 105 catches for 1,581 yards and 9 touchdowns in 2011 and 2012. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; The Oakland Raiders acquired Seattle&#x2019;s backup
doc_id: 1438
A Citi Field Numbers Game
Despite low expectations and an opening day opponent with no marquee names, the Mets said they sold out Citi Field on Monday. The team said that 41,053 tickets were purchased and that an additional 1,000 tickets were given to first responders and to victims of Hurricane Sandy .&#xa; &#xa;From the press box, though, the stadium did not look full.
doc_id: 1439
Knicks Roll Into Miami At the Top of Their Game
The Knicks &#x2019; eight-game winning streak is similar to their quick start in November and early December.&#xa; &#xa; Carmelo Anthony is healthy. J. R. Smith, who was named Eastern Conference player of the week on Monday for the first time, is playing the best basketball of his career, while taking fewer shots. Raymond Felton, free of having to
doc_id: 1440
RANGERS 4, JETS 2; Rangers Cling to Final Playoff Spot, but Islanders Win to Keep Pace
With the Rangers coming off two disheartening shutout losses, Ryan Callahan said that he and his teammates simply needed a take a deep breath &#x2014; and get a few timely goals &#x2014; to restore their confidence.&#xa; &#xa;Callahan, the Rangers&#x2019; captain, did about all he could to help, with a momentum-shifting short-handed goal and three
doc_id: 1441
RED SOX 8, YANKEES 2; For Yanks, a Chill in the Air and in the Stands
Yankees fans waited five cold months for their team to come back to the Bronx and play baseball again, ever since a humiliating loss to the Detroit Tigers in the playoffs last October.&#xa; &#xa;Opening day is supposed to be a time of hope and renewal for a promising new season, but the Yankees carried the heavy burden of low expectations north
doc_id: 1442
ANALYSIS; When Surprise Is a Certainty
In this, the strangest of college basketball seasons, the makeup of the four teams left in the N.C.A.A. men&#x2019;s tournament seems almost scripted, in a perfectly nonscripted sort of way.&#xa; &#xa;Go ahead, try and make some sense of it. There is one national player of the year candidate remaining, Trey Burke of Michigan. There is one No. 1
doc_id: 1443
FIVETHIRTYEIGHT; Four Dominant Teams, With One Standout
This year&#x2019;s N.C.A.A. tournament has not featured all that many great games &#x2014; with some exceptions, like Michigan&#x2019;s come-from-behind win against Kansas on Friday. The flip side is that the four teams that remain have all played exceptionally well, often dominating their opponents.&#xa; &#xa;Louisville won its first four games by
doc_id: 1444
ON BASKETBALL; Anthony Can Learn From Pierce&#x2019;s Career Arc
Shaquille O&#x2019;Neal is generally credited as the first to describe Paul Pierce as the truth, which eventually stuck as an uppercase nickname. But there were years before that when Pierce, upon consideration for membership in the fraternity of authentic N.B.A. elites, was dismissed as anything but.&#xa; &#xa;Early in his Celtics career, Pierce
doc_id: 1445
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; Boeheim Maintains a Passion as Intense as His Defense
WASHINGTON&#xa; &#xa;This was Jim Boeheim at his best. Syracuse had earned its fourth trip to the Final Four under Boeheim, routing Marquette, 55-39, on Saturday. For a fourth consecutive N.C.A.A. tournament game, the Orange&#x2019;s 2-3 zone defense had made a good coach look unprepared and had rendered a good team ineffective. With his family,
doc_id: 1446
SPORTS BRIEFING; Weber Takes 10th Major
Pete Weber tied Earl Anthony by winning his 10th major Professional Bowlers Association title with a 224-179 win over Jason Belmonte in the Tournament of Champions in Indianapolis. &#xa; &#xa;Weber also became the first bowler to finish the P.B.A. triple crown a second time by adding his second Tournament of Champions to his two World Championships
doc_id: 1447
SPORTS BRIEFING; Points Wins Houston Open
D. A. Points came back from a long rain delay and made four pars Sunday, the last one giving him a one-shot victory in the Houston Open and a trip to the Masters. With a putter he once borrowed from his mother and never returned, Points rolled in a putt from just outside 12 feet on the final hole to polish off a six-under 66 and avoid a
doc_id: 1448
Murray&#x2019;s Sony Open Title Is a Matter of Perseverance, and a Few Inches
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. &#x2014; Andy Murray needed every bit of energy he could muster Sunday to capture his second Sony Open championship, defeating David Ferrer, 2-6, 6-4, 7-6 (1).&#xa; &#xa;The victory will send him to No. 2 in the ATP rankings, past Roger Federer. &#x201C;It was just a brutal, brutal match today, and both of us were kind of on our
doc_id: 1449
SPORTS BRIEFING; Frozen Four Is Set
Matthew Peca recorded the fastest hat trick in N.C.A.A. tournament history, scoring three goals in 3 minutes 12 seconds of the first period to lead top-seeded Quinnipiac to a 5-1 victory over Union in the East Regional final in Providence, R.I., on Sunday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. SPORTS
doc_id: 1450
KEEP EYE ON THE BALL; Symbol Of Yanks&#x2019; Spring (Ouch!)
The lasting impression from the Yankees &#x2019; recent spring training will surely be that of Brian Cashman , the general manager, sitting in a wheelchair, leaning on a scooter or trudging about on crutches while trying to reassemble and patch together the 2013 team.&#xa; &#xa;And like most of his injured star players, Cashman will carry his
doc_id: 1451
SOUTH: MICHIGAN VS. FLORIDA; Confident In His Shot, Freshman Backs It Up
ARLINGTON, Tex. &#x2014; The Michigan freshman Nik Stauskas bounded into the Sheraton hotel in downtown Dallas to meet his parents and immediately declared: &#x201C;I&#x2019;m going to go off this game. I can feel it.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;It was Friday afternoon, before the Wolverines&#x2019; game against Kansas in the Round of 16. Despite his
doc_id: 1452
Blackhawks Have Cooled Off Since Points Streak
CHICAGO &#x2014; Anaheim defenseman Sheldon Souray&#x2019;s screaming slap shot late in the third period Friday night came from the point, and it shattered the stick of Chicago&#x2019;s Niklas Hjalmarsson before it ricocheted past goaltender Ray Emery. The goal provided the difference in the Ducks&#x2019; 2-1 victory over the Blackhawks , quieted a
doc_id: 1453
Roundup
Rick Ankiel and Houston made an impressive debut in the American League, trouncing visiting Texas, 8-2, in the major league opener and giving Bo Porter a win in his first game as manager. Ankiel launched a pinch-hit three run homer, Bud Norris pitched well for the win and Erik Bedard threw three and a third scoreless innings for his first career
doc_id: 1454
SOUTH: MICHIGAN 79, FLORIDA 59; Michigan Barrels Into the Final Four After a 20-Year Absence
ARLINGTON, Tex. &#x2014; The scissors seemed awkward in their hands, and rightfully so. It had been 20 years since a Michigan basketball team had climbed a ladder this high, and as these Wolverines celebrated and carefully snipped away at the nets, they had proved worthy of creating a new legacy.&#xa; &#xa;None of them left the court until the cord
doc_id: 1455
BATS; Mets Facing Challenges With Good Cheer
As the dirt and grass at Citi Field received some final manicuring before opening day, the Mets gathered at the stadium Sunday for a player-organized voluntary workout.&#xa; &#xa;The Mets begin the regular season Monday afternoon against the San Diego Padres with expectations around the team lower than in any recent season. But as usual for such
doc_id: 1456
SPORTS BRIEFING; Cancellara Wins in Flanders
Fabian Cancellara broke away on the final hill of the Tour of Flanders and finished the classic in his time-trial style to win the race ahead of Peter Sagan of Slovakia. The victory makes Cancellara the favorite for next Sunday&#x2019;s Paris-Roubaix classic, particularly after the Belgian rider Tom Boonen crashed our early in the Flanders race.
doc_id: 1457
THE RAIL; The Derby Dartboard
A points system is now being used to determine the field for the Kentucky Derby, replacing the use of graded-stakes earnings. Points are earned by the top four finishers in prep races and records are starts-win-place-show. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. THE RAIL
doc_id: 1458
Enjoying Breakthrough Season at 18
DANIEL ISLAND, S.C. &#x2014; On the way to becoming one of the top young Americans in women&#x2019;s tennis, Madison Keys has had her share of sweet and not-so-sweet moments this season. And sometimes a little of both.&#xa; &#xa;There was a first quarterfinal appearance in a WTA tournament, a third-round visit in the Australian Open and a major
doc_id: 1459
KNICKS 108, CELTICS 89; Knicks, Keeping Up Mastery of Celtics, Win Eighth Straight
The chant was loud and emphatic, the product of years of pent-up frustration and surely a dose of envy. It lasted only a few seconds. It consisted of only two words, with a subject of &#x201C;Boston&#x201D; and a predicate that cannot be printed in this newspaper.&#xa; &#xa;Rest assured, the thousands who filled Madison Square Garden on Sunday
doc_id: 1460
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; 2 Stars Sit, But Heat Still Edge The Spurs
Chris Bosh scored 23 points, including the winning 3-pointer with 1.9 seconds remaining, and the Miami Heat beat the San Antonio Spurs , 88-86, on Sunday night with LeBron James and Dwyane Wade sitting out with injuries.&#xa; &#xa;Ray Allen had 14 points. Norris Cole added 13 and Mike Miller 12 for Miami (58-15), which swept the season series with
doc_id: 1461
CRITIC&#x2019;S NOTEBOOK; Don&#x2019;t Let Your Signed Memories Turn Into a Plot Twist
Baseball&#x2019;s opening week seems a good time to issue this public-service advisory: If you own an autographed baseball with significant financial or sentimental value, be prepared for it to be destroyed unless you take drastic action immediately.&#xa; &#xa;That cautionary announcement is inspired by television and the movies, which love a good
doc_id: 1462
BEFORE THE SEASON OPENS, THE SKY DOES | SOCCER; Controversy for Sunderland
Sunderland took a gamble by hiring the inexperienced and outspoken Paolo Di Canio as its manager, giving him the tough task of ensuring that the relegation-threatened team retains its Premier League status. &#xa; &#xa;The appointment came a day after Martin O&#x2019;Neill was fired and sparked immediate controversy, with the former British
doc_id: 1463
A Ballpark Routine Outlasting the Park
When it comes to the Mets and home openers, Robert Ostertag has seen just about everything, from the first game ever played at Shea Stadium in 1964 to Tom Seaver&#x2019;s return in 1983 to Gary Carter&#x2019;s game-winning home run in 1985. &#xa; &#xa;Considering these are the Mets we are talking about, he has also endured his share of drubbings,
doc_id: 1464
MIDWEST: LOUISVILLE 85, DUKE 63; From Stunned to Stunning
INDIANAPOLIS &#x2014; After all the buildup, the history, with a matchup of decorated coaches and programs, the most poignant moment of Sunday&#x2019;s Midwest Region final sprang from an injury perhaps unparalleled in its gruesomeness at an N.C.A.A. tournament.&#xa; &#xa;The scene after Louisville&#x2019;s Kevin Ware sustained an open fracture of
doc_id: 1465
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Flyers Top Capitals in Overtime
Kimmo Timonen got the tying goal with 9.5 seconds left in regulation, and Ruslan Fedotenko scored 1 minute 34 seconds into overtime as the host Philadelphia Flyers beat the Washington Capitals , 5-4, on Sunday night. &#xa; &#xa;Maxime Talbot, Matt Read and Claude Giroux also scored for the Flyers, who moved 2 points behind the Rangers and the
doc_id: 1466
An Innocuous Play, a Gruesome Injury
INDIANAPOLIS &#x2014; It happens in every game, thousands of times in the course of a season. A player breaks free for an open jumper. An off-the-ball defender jumps at him. Whether the shot falls or not, both players run back downcourt and play on.&#xa; &#xa;For Louisville&#x2019;s Kevin Ware, a 6-foot-2 sophomore reserve guard originally from the
doc_id: 1467
Missing Net and Maybe Playoffs
GREENBURGH, N.Y. &#x2014; With four weeks left in the regular season, the Rangers are facing a predicament few could have foreseen last May when they finished two victories short of the Stanley Cup finals.&#xa; &#xa;After consecutive 3-0 losses at Ottawa and at Montreal, they are barely clinging to the eighth, and final, Eastern Conference playoff
doc_id: 1468
WOMEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; No Ordinary Upset as Griner and No. 1 Baylor Fall
From the opening tipoff of the season, there was only one question in women&#x2019;s college basketball: how do you stop Brittney Griner?&#xa; &#xa;Louisville found the answer Sunday night, and the Cardinals pulled off one of the biggest upsets in women&#x2019;s N.C.A.A. basketball tournament history. Considered a lock for the Final Four &#x2014;
doc_id: 1469
Making Big Money, Finally, for Not Striking Out
GLENDALE, Ariz. &#x2014; Jeff Keppinger is playing for his seventh major league team in 10 years. He has never reached double figures in home runs or stolen bases, has never played in the postseason and has never, until now, played on more than a one-year contract.&#xa; &#xa;He also almost never strikes out. In an age when his peers are fanning at
doc_id: 1470
AMERICAN LEAGUE PREVIEW; Hope Is All Around in New, Open East
In 10 of 12 seasons, from 1998 through 2009, the Yankees and the Boston Red Sox finished in the top two spots in the American League East. When they open the season this week at Yankee Stadium, there will be no undercurrent of divisional superiority. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;The days of 2003 and 2004, where there was an upper class and lower class in the
doc_id: 1471
SOUTH: MICHIGAN VS. FLORIDA; Former Rutgers Star Grows Up at Florida
ARLINGTON, Tex. &#x2014; The tattoos are the essence of Florida guard Mike Rosario, his testimonials. They cover his body, and he is not even sure how many there are &#x2014; more than 60, he guesses. Rosario is the canvas for his story.&#xa; &#xa;There is an ink drawing on his left biceps of a boy cradling a basketball with a building in the
doc_id: 1472
Not Playing Her Best, Williams Is Still Good Enough vs. Sharapova
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. &#x2014; Serena Williams now stands alone as the woman with the most Sony Open championships after storming back to defeat Maria Sharapova , 4-6, 6-3, 6-0, in Saturday&#x2019;s final. It was her sixth title in the event, one better than Steffi Graf . She solidified her world No. 1 ranking by winning the last 10 games after being
doc_id: 1473
KEEPING SCORE; For the Sultan of Small Sample Size, a 1.000 Career Average
Last season, the intensifying debate over baseball statistics grew a little louder.&#xa; &#xa;As Miguel Cabrera of the Detroit Tigers moved toward baseball&#x2019;s first triple crown since 1967, some of the game&#x2019;s more statistics-oriented enthusiasts had the temerity to suggest that even if he completed the rare feat of leading his league
doc_id: 1474
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Dolphins Sign Cornerback
Cornerback Brent Grimes, who missed almost all of last season with an Achilles&#x2019; tendon injury, has signed a one-year contract with the Miami Dolphins . Grimes started 28 games for the Atlanta Falcons in 2010-11 but was hurt in the opener last year. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. SPORTS
doc_id: 1475
JAZZ 116, NETS 107; Nets&#x2019; Promising Trip Ends With a Thud
SALT LAKE CITY &#x2014; Randy Foye made five 3-pointers in the third quarter Saturday as the Utah Jazz went on a 22-11 run to take control of a close game and defeat the Nets , 116-107, at Energy Solutions Arena.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;You don&#x2019;t like to make excuses,&#x201D; said Deron Williams, playing his second game in Utah as a visitor.
doc_id: 1476
BATS; Final Preparations
Manager Terry Collins was in a jovial mood before the Mets played their spring training finale against the Baltimore Orioles. His roster was nearly set and despite a spate of injuries, two of his stars, David Wright and Daniel Murphy, appeared to be on the mend.&#xa; &#xa;The lineup Collins chose on Saturday in Sarasota, Fla., is very likely to
doc_id: 1477
Soon After Signing 10-Year Deal, Alford Leaves New Mexico for U.C.L.A.
Eleven days ago, New Mexico announced a 10-year contract extension for Coach Steve Alford , who agreed to coach the Lobos until 2023. But on Saturday, U.C.L.A. announced that Alford would be its next coach, the latest man charged with returning the Bruins to glory. &#xa; &#xa;After his seven-year, $18.2 million deal with U.C.L.A. was announced,
doc_id: 1478
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Penguins Can&#x2019;t Lose
The Pittsburgh Penguins overcame a bloody injury to Sidney Crosby on Saturday to complete a perfect month with their 15th straight victory, beating the visiting Islanders , 2-0, in Jarome Iginla&#x2019;s debut with the Penguins.&#xa; &#xa;Crosby, the Pittsburgh captain and the league leader with 56 points, lost several teeth and needed oral surgery
doc_id: 1479
EAST: SYRACUSE 55, MARQUETTE 39; Orange Cut Down Nets That They Barely Used
WASHINGTON &#x2014; On the same court where he and his teammates had been obliterated in a regular-season loss three weeks ago, Syracuse&#x2019;s Brandon Triche found himself staring at the scoreboard high above Verizon Center on Saturday afternoon. About 11 minutes remained in Syracuse&#x2019;s East Region final against Marquette, but Triche kept
doc_id: 1480
NATIONAL LEAGUE PREVIEW; Within the Nationals&#x2019; Grasp
For the last 13 years, more often than not, the path to the National League pennant has run through St. Louis. The Cardinals have appeared in seven league championship series since 2000, including the last two without the benefit of winning their division. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;We had a group of guys who were unaffected by the size of the
doc_id: 1481
Sports Briefing | Soccer
Los Angeles tied host Toronto F.C., 2-2, as the Galaxy star Landon Donovan, coming off a sabbatical of nearly four months,made his return. (AP)&#xa; &#xa;Goalkeeper Tim Howard returned to the Everton lineup in a 1-0 win over Stoke after recovering from two broken bones in his back. (AP) &#xB6; Bayern Munich hammered Hamburger SV, 9-2, the biggest
doc_id: 1482
BATS; Baseball And Some History
WEST POINT, N.Y. &#x2014; It was two days before the start of a potentially fraught regular season for the Yankees, and still, baseball here felt beside the point.&#xa; &#xa;The Yankees made the hourlong drive north from the city on Saturday to the idyllic grounds of the United States Military Academy to play an exhibition game against Army. In the
doc_id: 1483
ON COLLEGE BASKETBALL; One More Time, An Old-Fashioned Big East Game
WASHINGTON&#xa; &#xa;At the final buzzer Saturday, Syracuse Coach Jim Boeheim stood with his hands hanging by his side and sighed. He is 68 now, and there is little he has not seen. Even a victory that sends his team to the Final Four, as Saturday&#x2019;s 55-39 victory over Marquette did, elicits not exaltation but exhalation. &#x201C;I&#x2019;m
doc_id: 1484
CANADIENS 3, RANGERS 0; Rangers Can&#x27;t Score
The Montreal Canadiens continued their mastery of the Rangers , sweeping the teams&#x2019; three-game season series with a 3-0 victory Saturday night.&#xa; &#xa;Michael Ryder, Tomas Plekanec and Brendan Gallagher had goals for the host Canadiens, who outscored the Rangers by 9-1 in the three games. Montreal moved 3 points ahead of Boston for first
doc_id: 1485
Not Playing Her Best, Williams Is Still Good Enough vs. Sharapova
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. &#x2014; Serena Williams now stands alone as the woman with the most Sony Open championships after storming back to defeat Maria Sharapova , 4-6, 6-3, 6-0, in Saturday&#x2019;s final. It was her sixth title in the event, one better than Steffi Graf . She solidified her world No. 1 ranking by winning the last 10 games after being
doc_id: 1486
BEYOND THE BOX SCORE; Introducing a Repurposed President and a Revamped Star
We know this baseball season will have breakout stars we never expected, injuries we never saw coming and &#x2014; based on last year &#x2014; about 100 no-hitters and perfect games. That all involves players. Here are nine new things to watch on the periphery of the game.&#xa; &#xa;MASCOT The Washington Nationals inaugurated a fifth chief
doc_id: 1487
BATS; Santana to Have Shoulder Surgery Again, Almost Certainly Ending Mets Career
The Mets said Johan Santana would have surgery Tuesday on his left shoulder. Given the gravity of the injury &#x2014; a tear of the capsule in the left-hander&#x2019;s shoulder &#x2014; there is no chance he will pitch this season. &#xa; &#xa;The Mets are expected to buy out the remaining year on Santana&#x2019;s contract next season, so if he
doc_id: 1488
Hitched to an Aging Star: Anatomy of a Deal, and Doubts
Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera was convinced that Alex Rodriguez had made a colossal blunder. &#xa; &#xa;Rodriguez, the Yankees&#x2019; standout third baseman, had created a public uproar and infuriated team officials by opting out of his contract, the richest in the history of baseball at the time, seemingly to pursue options with other teams.
doc_id: 1489
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; First Win for Red Bulls
Thierry Henry scored his first goal of the season, breaking a tie in the 81st minute and giving Mike Petke his first win as the Red Bulls&#x2019; coach, 2-1 over the visiting Philadelphia Union on Saturday.&#xa; &#xa;Henry, who came on for Tim Cahill in the 59th minute, finished a beautiful feed from Peguy Luyindula to win it for the Red Bulls
doc_id: 1490
In Bitter Loss for Buckeyes, Something Was Missing: Them
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; When Aaron Craft caught the ball on the right wing, with Ohio State behind by 6 and less than a minute remaining, the crowd was tense, the game&#x2019;s outcome was uncertain, and the first half seemed so far away. &#xa; &#xa;The Buckeyes had shot so poorly then: they had trailed by 13 points at halftime and by 20 with just
doc_id: 1491
SOUTH: MICHIGAN VS. FLORIDA; Shot Becomes a Youthful Vision Realized
ARLINGTON, Tex. &#x2014; His teammates have talked about framing a picture of the shot as a keepsake. For Michigan fans, it has already ascended into Wolverines lore, a thunderbolt fired from between the 3-point line and midcourt, one Trey Burke had always visualized growing up in Columbus, Ohio. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Yeah, but it wasn&#x2019;t ever
doc_id: 1492
WOMEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; Stanford Is First No. 1 to Fall as Georgia Scores Upset
Jasmine Hassell scored 6 of her 13 points in the final three minutes, and fourth-seeded Georgia reached the N.C.A.A. women&#x2019;s regional finals for the first time since 2004 with a 61-59 victory over top-seeded Stanford on Saturday in the Spokane, Wash., region.&#xa; &#xa;Georgia overcame three major scoring droughts, including falling behind,
doc_id: 1493
MIDWEST: LOUISVILLE VS. DUKE; A Game Forever Links Krzyzewski and Pitino
INDIANAPOLIS &#x2014; For Duke , the living history lessons convene all over the place. &#xa; &#xa;It can happen in Durham, N.C., where members of the 1992 national championship team, like Christian Laettner and Grant Hill, come around campus in the summer. Mason Plumlee loves hitting them up for stories about March 28, 1992, the East Region final
doc_id: 1494
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Mavericks&#x2019; Nowitzki Ends 14-for-17 Night With Shot That Beats Bulls
Dirk Nowitzki said the ball felt flat coming out of his hand.&#xa; &#xa;It turned out to be the perfect trajectory for the Dallas Mavericks , who rallied at home Saturday night to beat the Chicago Bulls , 100-98, on Nowitzki&#x2019;s 3-pointer with 2.9 seconds left. &#x201C;This game was kind of like the story of our season,&#x201D; said Nowitzki,
doc_id: 1495
SOUTH: MICHIGAN VS. FLORIDA; Former Rutgers Star Grows Up at Florida
ARLINGTON, Tex. &#x2014; The tattoos are the essence of Florida guard Mike Rosario, his testimonials. They cover his body, and he is not even sure how many there are &#x2014; more than 60, he guesses. Rosario is the canvas for his story.&#xa; &#xa;There is an ink drawing on his left biceps of a boy cradling a basketball with a building in the
doc_id: 1496
WEST: WICHITA STATE 70, OHIO STATE 66; Wichita State Upsets Ohio State to Emerge From Topsy-Turvy West
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; Gregg Marshall sat atop a stage, squinted at the bright lights that reflected off his glasses and tried to make sense of all that had occurred the past two weeks. He needed a few more hours, both to process and to explain.&#xa; &#xa;Let&#x2019;s see. The N.F.L. quarterback Tim Tebow addressed Marshall&#x2019;s Wichita State
doc_id: 1497
Victory Strengthens a Case for the Derby
HALLANDALE BEACH, Fla. &#x2014; Orb&#x2019;s owners, the esteemed Phipps Stable and Stuart Janney III, declined to speak about the Kentucky Derby ahead of the Florida Derby on Saturday, insisting they had not yet caught Derby fever.&#xa; &#xa;After Orb and the jockey John Velazquez easily dispatched the favorite, Itsmyluckyday, by two and
doc_id: 1498
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE HOCKEY; Yale to Frozen Four
Jesse Root scored the go-ahead goal with 4 minutes 56 seconds left, and Yale beat North Dakota, 4-1, in the N.C.A.A. West Regional final in Grand Rapids, Mich., to reach the Frozen Four for the first time.&#xa; &#xa;Fourth-seeded Yale (20-12-3) scored four times in the final 7:35. Josh Balch started the spree, and Root gave the Bulldogs a 2-1 lead
doc_id: 1499
Swing and a Mystery
As their strikeout totals piled up last summer, the pitchers for the Milwaukee Brewers hardly noticed. The team was struggling to reach .500, and the rotation had been in flux all year. It did not feel as if the pitching staff was closing in on the record for strikeouts in a season.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;It honestly didn&#x2019;t,&#x201D; said starter
doc_id: 1500
OFF THE DRIBBLE; Lillard Has Edge As Top Rookie
With just three weeks left in the regular season, there are plenty of interesting playoff races to keep an eye on. But another race worth watching is the one for rookie of the year: Damian Lillard of the Portland Trail Blazers, Bradley Beal of the Washington Wizards and Anthony Davis of the New Orleans Hornetshave separated themselves from the
doc_id: 1501
SLAP SHOT; Decision On Coyotes Seems Near
The Phoenix Coyotes&#x2019; ownership situation, which has been unsettled for nearly four years, could finally be resolved soon. According to published reports and to officials familiar with the situation, the N.H.L. either will sell the Coyotes to the last in a long line of prospective buyers who pledged to keep them in Glendale, Ariz., or will
doc_id: 1502
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Cink and Haas Lead
Stewart Cink and Bill Haas wound up with a share of the lead in the Houston Open, and they have plenty of company.&#xa; &#xa;Cink is winless in 75 starts on the PGA Tour since beating Tom Watson in the British Open at Turnberry in 2009. He had a four-under 68 and was tied with Haas, who had a 67. Steve Wheatcroft, Ben Crane, D. A. Points and Jason
doc_id: 1503
ROUNDUP; Sports Briefing | Soccer
Manchester United relied on a first-half own goal by Titus Bramble to beat host Sunderland, 1-0, on Saturday, securing a seventh straight Premier League victory and inching closer to a 20th title in England&#x2019;s top division.&#xa; &#xa;Robin van Persie&#x2019;s shot in the 27th minute was heading wide, but Bramble stuck out a leg and deflected
doc_id: 1504
Streak May Be Over, But Drama Continues
NEW ORLEANS &#x2014; If LeBron James seemed bothered by the lapse of Miami&#x2019;s 27-game winning streak or the hard fouls &#x2014; physical and verbal &#x2014; he had absorbed in recent days, it was not apparent Friday morning. His hunger for victory or reprisal seemed outweighed at the moment by his hunger for lunch.&#xa; &#xa;Wearing
doc_id: 1505
SPORTS BRIEFING | SWIMMING AND DIVING; Michigan Wins Title
Connor Jaeger won the 1,650-yard freestyle in Indianapolis to wrap up Michigan&#x2019;s first N.C.A.A. team title since 1995. Michigan finished with 480 points. The two-time defending champion, California, was second with 406.5. SPORTS BRIEFING | SWIMMING AND DIVING
doc_id: 1506
WEST: OHIO STATE VS. WICHITA STATE; Buckeye Specialty: Beating Clock
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; The club, among the most exclusive in N.C.A.A. tournament history, includes stars and unknowns, guards and post players, from universities with tradition and without. From Christian Laettner to Bryce Drew, James Forrest to Scottie Reynolds, they are linked by clocks dwindled and buzzers beaten and heartbeats elevated.&#xa;
doc_id: 1507
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Surprise Leader in Houston
Steve Wheatcroft, a Monday qualifier for the&#xA0;Houston&#xA0;Open, shot another 67 to take a one-stroke lead over Jason Kokrak and D. A. Points. A Monday qualifier has not won a PGA Tour tournament since Arjun Atwal in August 2010. Rory McIlroy made the cut by a single stroke. SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF
doc_id: 1508
As Home Opener Nears, the Battered Yankees Are Still Looking for Help
WASHINGTON &#x2014; For almost a century, the Yankees have been a team accustomed to snatching the best players from other organizations, whether it was Babe Ruth, Catfish Hunter or Alex Rodriguez. But that is not the case this spring.&#xa; &#xa;The Yankees have taken on a horde of castoffs from other organizations, players who were either
doc_id: 1509
MEN&#x27;S COLLEGE HOCKEY ROUNDUP; Yale Upends No. 1 Seed Minnesota In Overtime
Jesse Root scored nine seconds into overtime to give fourth-seeded Yale (19-12-3) a 3-2 victory over top-seeded Minnesota on Friday in Grand Rapids, Mich., in the N.C.A.A. men&#x2019;s hockey tournament&#x2019;s Round of 16.&#xa; &#xa;Kenny Agostino intercepted Minnesota defenseman Ben Marshall&#x2019;s pass behind the net and fed Root for his 10th
doc_id: 1510
SOUTH: FLORIDA 62, FLORIDA GULF COAST 50; Florida Gulf Coast Hits a Wall Against Florida
ARLINGTON, Tex. &#x2014; Florida&#x2019;s Mike Rosario seemed thwarted as he looked to make an inbounds pass with two minutes to play. The Gators were safely ahead, so a turnover at this juncture would have been meaningless.&#xa; &#xa;Rosario, though, remained focused and cleverly bounced the ball off the back of Florida Gulf Coast&#x2019;s
doc_id: 1511
KNICKS 111, BOBCATS 102; Knicks&#x2019; Streak Hits 7 As Smith Stays on Roll
The chants were faint but audible.&#xa; &#xa;As J. R. Smith stepped to the free-throw line late in the fourth quarter, an &#x201C;M-V-P&#x201D; chant emanated from the upper section of Madison Square Garden. Smith certainly is not a candidate for the league&#x2019;s Most Valuable Player award, but &#x201C;Sixth Man of the Year&#x201D; does not lend
doc_id: 1512
Fifty-One Years Across Town, But United In Misery For Only Six
In their 51 years together, the Mets and the Yankees have both been losing teams on only six occasions, and the last time it happened was way back in 1992. Since then, the Yankees have won five World Series and the Mets ... well, they&#x2019;re the Mets, so they haven&#x2019;t won any. &#xa; &#xa;As 2013 approaches, neither team looks to be in
doc_id: 1513
Injuries May Affect Ticket Sales Of Openers
The local forecast on Monday calls for a high near 60 degrees with a mix of sun and clouds. Not bad for fans heading to Yankee Stadium and Citi Field as the Yankees and the Mets open their seasons simultaneously in New York for the first time. &#xa; &#xa;But these are not, after all, the best of times for the Yankees or the Mets, something that is
doc_id: 1514
SPORTS BRIEFING | WRESTLING; Cornell&#x2019;s Dake Is Honored
The Cornell senior Kyle Dake was awarded the Hodge Trophy as the nation&#x2019;s top wrestler. Dake became the only wrestler to win four titles in four different weight classes when he won an N.C.A.A. title at 165 pounds last weekend. SPORTS BRIEFING | WRESTLING
doc_id: 1515
WEST: OHIO STATE VS. WICHITA STATE; Wichita State Is Playing Loose While Storing Anger
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; Wichita State was watching highlights of Ohio State on Friday morning, when the whole team shared a big, hearty laugh. &#xa; &#xa;At first, the Buckeyes&#x2019; Deshaun Thomas flashed across the screen, making shot after shot. They were tough, contested shots, and maybe ill advised. They were bad shots, Coach Gregg Marshall
doc_id: 1516
Ferrer Halts Haas&#x2019;s Run
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. &#x2014; One set into his Sony Open semifinal match against David Ferrer on Friday, Tommy Haas could almost taste his first Masters final since 2001. Haas was looking to end a memorable week in the Miami area in style.&#xa; &#xa;Ferrer had other plans after dropping that first set to Haas, rallying to win the match, 4-6, 6-2,
doc_id: 1517
Mets Leave Camp Upbeat Despite Santana&#x2019;s Injury
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; A day after Johan Santana learned that he had retorn a capsule in his pitching shoulder, all but ending his career with the Mets , his agent insisted that Santana was not done pitching.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;His career is not over; I can tell you that,&#x201D; the agent Peter Greenberg said. &#x201C;Johan doesn&#x2019;t
doc_id: 1518
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; Lightning Trip Up Devils
Alex Killorn scored with 15 seconds left in the third period, and Tampa Bay won, 5-4, in a shootout over the visiting Devils to give Coach Jon Cooper a victory in his N.H.L. debut. The Devils got goals from Andrei Loktionov, Tom Kostopoulos, Andy Greene and Ryan Carter. SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY
doc_id: 1519
MIDWEST: DUKE 71, MICHIGAN STATE 61; With Second-Half Run, Duke Moves to Round of 8
INDIANAPOLIS &#x2014; Steven Izzo called it right. Two weeks ago, Steven, the 13-year-old son of Michigan State Coach Tom Izzo, sidestepped family loyalty and picked Duke to defeat the Spartans in his N.C.A.A. tournament bracket. The Blue Devils validated his nerve Friday night by sending the Izzos home.&#xa; &#xa;In a Midwest Region semifinal
doc_id: 1520
Unusually Tough Decision As a Catcher Is Demoted
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; The Mets made several roster moves Friday after they played their final home spring training game. Outfielder Marlon Byrd and pitchers Scott Atchison, LaTroy Hawkins and Scott Rice made the team, while Robert Carson and Omar Quintanilla were sent to Las Vegas, where the Mets have their Class AAA franchise.&#xa; &#xa;On
doc_id: 1521
SOUTH: MICHIGAN 87, KANSAS 85; Michigan Stuns No. 1 Seed Kansas
ARLINGTON, Tex. &#x2014; The shot was not a pedestrian 3-pointer, a casual 3 from 20 feet 9 inches. This was a heave. When Trey Burke stepped back, he was at least nine feet beyond the regulation 3-point line. He was drifting and Kansas&#x2019; 6-foot-8 Kevin Young was jumping toward him. The chances of the ball going in were about the same odds
doc_id: 1522
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Romo Signs Extension
Tony Romo and the Dallas Cowboys agreed on a six-year contract extension worth $108 million, with about half of it guaranteed. The deal will lower Romo&#x2019;s salary-cap number of $16.8 million for 2013, giving the team more room to sign free agents and draft picks. Romo, 32, was entering the final year of his deal. SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL
doc_id: 1523
EAST: SYRACUSE VS. MARQUETTE; Brotherhood at Marquette, but First Comes the Boot Camp
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Marquette Coach Buzz Williams called himself cantankerous on Friday. He also conceded he had no compassion on the basketball court. One day earlier, he tried to convince reporters that he was not a good person to be around on game days.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I&#x2019;m not good all day,&#x201D; Williams said. &#x201C;Not to you
doc_id: 1524
NUGGETS 109, NETS 87; Nets Fade And Fall In Denver
DENVER &#x2014; The Nets &#x2019; bid to ensure a winning road record for the first time since entering the N.B.A. in 1976 came up well short against the Denver Nuggets &#x2019; home dominance on Friday night. &#xa; &#xa;The Nuggets scored the game&#x2019;s first 21 fast-break points en route to a 109-87 victory, their 18th in a row at the Pepsi
doc_id: 1525
SATURDAY&#x2019;S BEST
Two regional finals are on the schedule:&#xa; &#xa;MARQUETTE&#xA0; VS. SYRACUSE&#xA0; A final Big East meeting before big changes for the conference. OHIO STATE&#xA0; VS. WICHITA STATE&#xA0; They beat No. 1 seed Gonzaga, but can the Shockers top the No. 2 Buckeyes?
doc_id: 1526
EAST: SYRACUSE VS. MARQUETTE; Syracuse Falls in Line Behind Its Point Man
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Gerry McNamara still participates in an occasional practice at Syracuse. Not far removed from his playing career, McNamara is the youngest assistant on Coach Jim Boeheim&#x2019;s staff, so the onus often falls on him to get out there and compete.&#xa; &#xa;McNamara enjoys himself for the most part. There are exceptions. For
doc_id: 1527
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASEBALL; Verlander Gets Record Deal
The Detroit Tigers &#x2019; ace, Justin Verlander, agreed to a seven-year, $180 million contract, topping Felix Hernandez for the richest deal for a pitcher in baseball history. Verlander, 30, the 2011 American League most valuable player and Cy Young Award winner, had been signed through 2014 for $20 million a season. The new deal keeps those
doc_id: 1528
MIDWEST: LOUISVILLE 77, OREGON 69; With a Sniffle Here and a Steal There, Louisville Pulls Away From Oregon
INDIANAPOLIS &#x2014; Oregon was the newcomer to the Midwest Region semifinals, joining three of college basketball&#x2019;s blue-blood programs &#x2014; Louisville, Duke and Michigan State &#x2014; and, in somewhat self-deprecating fashion, the Ducks brought their lone N.C.A.A. championship trophy on the team plane here.&#xa; &#xa;It is from 1939,
doc_id: 1529
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; James Dominates in Win
LeBron James scored 36 points Friday, hitting six consecutive 3-pointers in less than six minutes in the first half, and the visiting Miami Heat rebounded from their first loss in nearly two months to beat the New Orleans Hornets , 108-89. The Heat clinched the top seed in the East for the playoffs. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Paul Pierce had 20 points, 10
doc_id: 1530
The Gnawing Feeling That All Is Not Well
There is little that screams the words &#x201C;damage&#x201D; and &#x201C;control&#x201D; like a typically news-media-shy baseball owner suddenly making the rounds of sports talk radio and opening his door to quotation-hungry reporters. In a spate of recent interviews, Hal Steinbrenner, the Yankees &#x2019; managing general partner, has given his
doc_id: 1531
Sabathia Sets Sights on Opener, and the Red Sox
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; As the Yankees finish up their final two spring training games in two locales &#x2014; Washington and West Point, N.Y. &#x2014; they inch tantalizingly closer to opening day. But for one player, the regular season has already begun. &#xa; &#xa; C. C. Sabathia made his last spring training start on Tuesday, and since he woke up
doc_id: 1532
MIDWEST: LOUISVILLE VS. OREGON; A Brief Stop That Altered Everything
INDIANAPOLIS &#x2014; The video of Dana Altman&#x2019;s most embarrassing professional moment is on YouTube, shot by a hand-held camera directed at a computer screen, viewed nearly 18,000 times. It was 55 seconds that forever changed Altman&#x2019;s career.&#xa; &#xa;He stood in the center of Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark., wearing a dark
doc_id: 1533
Catching a Champion Swimmer on Film
Of the 400 hours of footage that the independent filmmakers Grant Barbeito and Christo Brock gathered on the swimming champion Missy Franklin and her training partner Kara Lynn Joyce, one scene stands out as their favorite. It was not from any of Franklin&#x2019;s four gold medal swims at the Olympics, but from the 2012 Colorado state high school
doc_id: 1534
WEST: OHIO STATE 73, ARIZONA 70; Another 3-Pointer Falls, and Ohio State Escapes Again
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; For Ohio State , the end felt so four days ago. Here came the Buckeyes, in another tied game in the N.C.A.A. tournament, with the ball in the final seconds.&#xa; &#xa;Just as before, Aaron Craft dribbled. Seconds ticked away. He drove right, and two Arizona defenders went with him, which left his teammate, LaQuinton Ross, open
doc_id: 1535
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; Williams Sets a Record
Serena Williams advanced to the final of the Sony Open in Key Biscayne, Fla., by drubbing Agnieszka Radwanska, 6-0, 6-3. Williams, ranked No. 1, will play Maria Sharapova for the title on Saturday. Williams broke the tournament record for victories by a woman. She is 60-7; Steffi Graf was 59-6.&#xa; &#xa;Sharapova swept the first 10 points, beating
doc_id: 1536
Donovan, Sabbatical Over, Is Eager to Return to the U.S. Team
Lest anyone think that Landon Donovan&#x2019;s recent sabbatical from soccer diminished his desire to play for the United States, Donovan said Thursday that he would even be willing to change positions if it meant being called in by Coach Jurgen Klinsmann.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;If I can go back in with the national team and they ask me to play goalie,
doc_id: 1537
Tom Boerwinkle, Who Had Night to Remember as a Rebounder, Dies at 67
Tom Boerwinkle, a stalwart center for the Chicago Bulls in the 1970s who once used his 7-foot frame to grab 37 rebounds in a game known both for that feat &#x2014; a team record that still stands &#x2014; and for the frigid conditions in which it was played, died on Tuesday at his home near Chicago. He was 67.&#xa; &#xa;The cause was
doc_id: 1538
EAST: SYRACUSE 61, INDIANA 50; Syracuse Smothers No. 1 Seed Indiana
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Indiana could not have looked more lost. The Hoosiers missed layups, dribbled into defenders and threw passes that sailed into the Syracuse bench, as if a gust of wind had suddenly swept through Verizon Center. And that was just the first few possessions.&#xa; &#xa;Indiana had spent four days preparing for Syracuse&#x2019;s
doc_id: 1539
In Doubles, Lisa Raymond and Laura Robson Cover the Age Spectrum
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. &#x2014; Less than two months after Laura Robson was born on Jan. 21, 1994, a 20-year-old Lisa Raymond played in the Sony Open for the first time. &#xa; &#xa;On Friday, Raymond and Robson will be on the court here together, facing the top-seeded Italians Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci in the women&#x2019;s doubles semifinals and
doc_id: 1540
SOUTH: KANSAS VS. MICHIGAN; Jayhawks Seeking Better Guard Play
ARLINGTON, Tex. &#x2014; On the floor of Cowboys Stadium, Kansas guard Ben McLemore could not wait to take shots. McLemore let the ball fly from 15 feet, then 20, and immediately called for another ball. He flicked his wrist over and over, keeping his elbow up to provide the necessary arc. &#xa; &#xa;But McLemore missed 6 of 8 in one stretch. Then
doc_id: 1541
LEADING OFF; One Streak Ends, 16 Are on the Line
Now that the Miami Heat&#x2019;s winning streak has fizzled to an unsatisfying end, we can all go back to contemplating the N.C.A.A. tournaments&#x2019; rounds of 16 or contemplating an imminent baseball season or watching &#x201C;Iron Chef&#x201D; reruns or whatever else usually fills the time between spring supposedly starting and when it really
doc_id: 1542
SENATORS 3, RANGERS 0; Senators Shut Out Rangers; Penguins Win 14th Straight
Ben Bishop turned aside 24 shots to earn his second career N.H.L. shutout, helping the Senators beat the Rangers , 3-0, on Thursday night.&#xa; &#xa;Andre Benoit, Guillaume Latendresse and Colin Greening scored for the host Senators. Henrik Lundqvist made 26 saves for the Rangers, who applied heavy pressure while trailing, 1-0, midway through the
doc_id: 1543
ANALYSIS; Rewards Of Heat&#x2019;s Run
Most coverage of the Miami Heat &#x2019;s 27-game winning streak focused on LeBron James and his ability to take over games. &#xa; &#xa;What started as a well-publicized six-game streak in which James scored 30 or more points while shooting 60 percent or higher ended up as a nearly two-month run in which he averaged 27 points on 57.5 percent
doc_id: 1544
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Five-Birdie Start for Leader
D. A. Points opened with five straight birdies and wound up with an eight-under 64 at the Houston Open. He had a one-shot lead over Cameron Tringale and John Rollins. Rory McIlroy, in his last event before the Masters, had to fight hard for a 73. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Marcel Siem of Germany had two eagles and shot an eight-under 64 to lead by three
doc_id: 1545
OFF THE DRIBBLE; Knicks&#x2019; Backcourt Comes to the Forefront at the Right Time
J. R. Smith has always had a knack for making it look easy, if only for brief periods. Throughout his career, Smith&#x2019;s game has been defined by exquisite exhibitions of skill and athleticism mixed with equal measures of average play. Catch the right five minutes, and if you knew nothing else about the N.B.A., you would swear he was the
doc_id: 1546
Santana&#x2019;s Year Appears Over Before It Begins
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; Johan Santana will be making $25.5 million in the sixth and final year of his enormous contract with the Mets . But it is highly unlikely that he will throw a pitch for the club this season and it is unclear if he will pitch again in the major leagues.&#xa; &#xa;Instead, the 34-year-old Santana, a two-time Cy Young
doc_id: 1547
SLAP SHOT; Iginla&#x2019;s Choice of the Penguins Surprises Even Them
Jarome Iginla could not pass up an opportunity to play with Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin. In the end, that is what mattered late Wednesday and early Thursday, when Iginla, the longtime Calgary Flames captain, waived his no movement clause to accept a trade to the Pittsburgh Penguins, ending a wild day of speculation.&#xa; &#xa;Until late
doc_id: 1548
Free and Looking Ahead
The computer document was named LetterOfLife. Robbie Rogers, a former member of the United States national team and a professional soccer player in England, wrote it one night last December, pounding on his keyboard while sitting in bed. When he finished, he saved it on the main screen of his laptop and it stayed there, for more than two months,
doc_id: 1549
WEST: WICHITA STATE 72, LA SALLE 58; Wichita State Muscles Past La Salle Into the Round of 8
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; For about 10 minutes Thursday night, as part of its pregame warm-up in the Round of 16, La Salle practiced rebounding. First, the Explorers shadowed one another and boxed out. Then, one by one, as Coach John Giannini tossed basketballs at the rim, they maneuvered around one person, grabbed the rebound and shot the ball, over
doc_id: 1550
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; From College to N.B.A., Coaching Approaches Differ
March Madness is typically dominated by head coaches. While 15th-seeded Florida Gulf Coast has grabbed the spotlight, we often emphasize the brains &#x2014; not the muscle &#x2014; behind successful programs.&#xa; &#xa;The puzzling question is, Why have so few outstanding college coaches done well in the N.B.A. &#x2014; the highest level of
doc_id: 1551
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Red Bulls Get Rapids Forward
The American midfielder Stuart Holden is temporarily switching between English second-tier clubs Bolton and Sheffield Wednesday. Holden will join Wednesday on loan until April 24. It has been a month since Holden played his first league game after nearly two years of knee problems.&#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; The Red&#xA0;Bulls&#xA0;acquired the former
doc_id: 1552
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Bucks Rally Past Lakers
Larry Sanders scored 13 of his career-high 21 points in the third quarter, and the host Milwaukee Bucks rallied to beat the Los Angeles Lakers , 113-103. Sanders was 8 of 11 from the floor and had 13 rebounds. &#xa; &#xa; Kobe Bryant scored 30 points, leaving him 4 points behind Wilt Chamberlain (31,419) for fourth place on the N.B.A.&#x2019;s
doc_id: 1553
SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING; New Driver for Gibbs Team
Mark Martin will drive for Joe Gibbs Racing while Denny Hamlin recovers from a fractured vertebra in his lower back. Hamlin is expected to miss at least five races. SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING
doc_id: 1554
OFF THE DRIBBLE; Nets Won&#x2019;t Let The Knicks Relax
The Knicks are staging a late-season resurgence so forceful, so convincing, that they have practically altered time, making March look like November.&#xa; &#xa;Their defense looks sturdy, their shooting splendid, and even their health woes no longer seem so woeful in the midst of a six-game winning streak &#x2014; their longest since Nov. 2-15. In
doc_id: 1555
Northwestern Hires Assistant From Duke
Less than a week after Mike Krzyzewski gave him a public vote of confidence, the longtime Duke assistant Chris Collins got his first head-coaching job, at Northwestern.&#xa; &#xa;Collins, who served on Krzyzewski&#x2019;s bench for the past 13 seasons was &#x201C;perfect for the job,&#x201D; Krzyzewski said. &#x201C;I&#x2019;m so excited for
doc_id: 1556
SOUTH: FLORIDA GULF COAST VS. FLORIDA; A Scene Stealer Isn&#x2019;t Ready to Give Up the Spotlight
ARLINGTON, Tex. &#x2014; The team from so-called Dunk City had yet to rattle a rim or shake a backboard, and about 2,000 fans at Cowboys Stadium appeared bored as they watched a practice filled with drills of floating jumpers, entry passes and &#x2014; gasp! &#x2014; free throws. &#xa; &#xa;Finally, the Florida Gulf Coast Eagles gathered around
doc_id: 1557
EAST: MARQUETTE 71, MIAMI 61; Often Overlooked, Marquette Overwhelms No. 2 Seed Miami
WASHINGTON &#x2014; There is no mistaking Marquette Coach Buzz Williams&#x2019;s disgust for how others have assessed his team during the N.C.A.A. tournament. &#xa; &#xa;He said with obvious derision that when his team won two close games, they were called lucky victories. He frequently mentioned, without prodding, that his team was ranked seventh
doc_id: 1558
ON BASEBALL; Padres Know the Fragility of Pitching
Peoria, Ariz.&#xa; &#xa;Casey Kelly stood in a darkened hallway off the San Diego Padres &#x2019; clubhouse last week and extended his damaged right arm to a visitor offering sympathy. &#x201C;Sports,&#x201D; Kelly said, gamely, with a smile and a shrug. Kelly, 23, a promising right-hander, had just returned to spring training from San Diego, where
doc_id: 1559
McCarver Calling It Quits
Tim McCarver &#x2019;s 2013 season will be his 34th and final one as a baseball broadcaster.&#xa; &#xa;McCarver, 71, Fox&#x2019;s No. 1 analyst since 1996, said Wednesday in a conference call: &#x201C;Timing is everything. I wanted to step down while I know I can still do the job and be proud of the job I&#x2019;ve done.&#x201D; He added:
doc_id: 1560
ON SOCCER; U.S. Road Opens on the Way to Brazil
MEXICO CITY&#xa; &#xa;It was lunchtime Tuesday when Matt Besler got the word. He would make his first start in a World Cup qualifying match. He would play in central defense with Omar Gonzalez against Mexico, the United States&#x2019; chief regional rival. He would play in the throbbing, asphyxiating beehive of Estadio Azteca. And he would help
doc_id: 1561
Umenyiora Strikes Deal To Play for the Falcons
After several years of contentious contract negotiations and holdouts, Osi Umenyiora, a mainstay of the Giants&#x2019; two Super Bowl -winning teams in the last six years, reached an agreement to play for the Atlanta Falcons late Wednesday.&#xa; &#xa;Umenyiora, who has been with the Giants for 10 seasons and produced 75 sacks in the regular season,
doc_id: 1562
WEST REGION; Follow The Bouncing Ball
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; It seemed inevitable that Sean Miller would end up here, with a permanent home underneath Hollywood&#x2019;s bright lights, where his prodigious childhood talent for dribbling and handling a basketball drew the attention of film and movie types.&#xa; &#xa;Alas, Miller&#x2019;s big-screen career lasted a handful of seconds, just
doc_id: 1563
THURSDAY&#x2019;S BEST
Highlights of the four-game schedule of regional semifinals:&#xa; &#xa;INDIANA VS. SYRACUSE&#xA0; The No. 1-seeded Hoosiers, who have the top offense of the teams still alive, face a team that blocks six shots a game. ARIZONA VS. OHIO STATE The Wildcats were untested by Belmont and Harvard but now face the tournament champions of the
doc_id: 1564
BATS; Yankees to Open Season With Hughes on Disabled List
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Phil Hughes will begin the season on the 15-day disabled list, Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said Wednesday, and may not start a game until April 11, or even later.&#xa; &#xa;Hughes pitched in a minor league game Wednesday and threw 81 pitches, but it was only his second appearance of the spring. He had to take two weeks off
doc_id: 1565
EAST REGION; Riddle Posed by Orange Doesn&#x2019;t Change, or Get Easier
WASHINGTON &#x2014; It is one of college basketball&#x2019;s great riddles. Every season, Syracuse Coach Jim Boeheim unveils another iteration of his 2-3 zone defense and dares opponents to concoct solutions. &#xa; &#xa;It should not be so difficult or so maddening. There are, after all, decades of game tapes for coaches to dissect, the
doc_id: 1566
KNICKS 108, GRIZZLIES 101; Knicks Barely Win Rout of Grizzlies
The merriment began early, with a thunderstorm of 3-pointers and showy dunks and whoops and big smiles &#x2014; a self-celebration as big and audacious as the Knicks &#x2019; ambitions. A 10-point lead grew to 20, and a 20-point lead ballooned to 30 as Madison Square Garden rumbled in delight.&#xa; &#xa;Then the 30-point lead shrank to 15, and the
doc_id: 1567
BULLS 101, HEAT 97; Miami Absorbs Hard Hits and, for Once, a Loss
CHICAGO &#x2014; Before Wednesday&#x2019;s tip-off at United Center, LeBron James lay on a towel in the Miami locker room as a team assistant helped him stretch. James rapped along to a song on his iPod as his thighs were kneaded and his long limbs were pushed and pulled. Nearly 20 reporters and cameramen watched his every movement.&#xa; &#xa;After
doc_id: 1568
EAST REGION; Miami Coach Left a Mark With a Run In 2006
FAIRFAX, Va. &#x2014; The basketball commemorating George Mason&#x2019;s run to the Final Four in 2006 is perched inside a modest trophy case near an obscure back entrance of the university&#x2019;s basketball arena. Embossed with the score of the East Region final &#x2014; George Mason 86, Connecticut 84 &#x2014; the basketball is not all that
doc_id: 1569
OFF THE DRIBBLE; For Heat, 27-Gamer A 50-1 Shot
They lost Wednesday night to the Chicago Bulls , but the Miami Heat still put an impressive 27-game winning streak in the books, the second longest in N.B.A. history. Just how unlikely is such a streak?&#xa; &#xa;It turns out that is a pretty difficult question, even for mathematicians. Precisely describing the formulas to calculate the chances
doc_id: 1570
NETS 111, TRAIL BLAZERS 93; Evans Guides Nets to Another Road Victory
PORTLAND, Ore. &#x2014; Reggie Evans grabbed a career-high 26 rebounds and matched his career high with 22 points, and the Nets beat the Portland Trail Blazers , 111-93, on Wednesday night.&#xa; &#xa;It was the Nets&#x2019; 20th road win of the season, matching a franchise best. Brook Lopez added 28 points for the Nets, who built a big lead early
doc_id: 1571
Few Know How to Enter; Fewer Finish
WARTBURG, Tenn. &#x2014; On Friday night, in the Cumberland Mountains of eastern Tennessee, 28 men and 7 women will lie in tents half asleep in anticipation of hearing a conch shell being blown at Big Cove Campground in Frozen Head State Park. When they hear the call, which will arrive sometime between 11 p.m. that night and 11 a.m. Saturday, they
doc_id: 1572
Needy States Weigh Sport Betting As Leagues Line Up Against It
LAS VEGAS &#x2014; It is a lucrative time of year for Nevada, where more than $200 million will be wagered in sports books on the N.C.A.A. men&#x2019;s basketball tournament, a pot of money that has budget-crunched states across the country pushing for a piece of the action despite strong opposition from the N.C.A.A. and professional sports
doc_id: 1573
N.F.L. Doctor Says Disease Is Overstated
When a government agency prepared a workplace safety fact sheet based on a study of degenerative brain disease in retired N.F.L. players, the organization invited several people to comment on a draft. &#xa; &#xa;According to a memorandum obtained by The New York Times, most of the reviewers suggested simplifying the fact sheet so that players
doc_id: 1574
LEADING OFF; Big Moments in the Women&#x2019;s Game
Were you wondering if there was a record Brittney Griner hadn&#x2019;t set? Were you hoping she might use the occasion of her final home game to do yet another stupendous thing?&#xa; &#xa;No problem! On Tuesday night&#x2014;with George W. Bush and Laura in the house in Waco&#x2014;Griner scored 33 points, had 22 rebounds and, true story, three
doc_id: 1575
Querrey&#x2019;s Loss Completes a U.S. Shutout
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. &#x2014; Sam Querrey helped create a first on Tuesday at the Sony Open, but not the way he would have liked.&#xa; &#xa;By falling to fourth-seeded Tomas Berdych, 6-1, 6-1, in the round of 16, Querrey ensured this would be the first time since the tournament began in 1985 that no American man had reached the quarterfinals. There
doc_id: 1576
Clothes Make the Coach, Whatever He Says
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; For college basketball coaches, N.C.A.A. tournament preparation extends beyond white boards and practices and game strategy. This advance work is less about their preferred style of play and more about their preferred style of dress.&#xa; &#xa;The custom suits. The lucky ties. The hair product. This is where fast breaks meet
doc_id: 1577
&#x2018;Oh, Boy&#x2019;: More Woes For Mets&#x2019; Pitching Staff
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; The adjective snakebit is usually applied to teams on an unlucky streak during the season. In the Mets &#x2019; case, it could be applied to their spring training.&#xa; &#xa;With less than a week before opening day, the Mets were rushing to get David Wright and Daniel Murphy enough at-bats so they could start the
doc_id: 1578
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Buffalo Hires Hurley
The University at Buffalo hired Bobby Hurley as its men&#x2019;s basketball coach. Hurley completed his first season as an associate coach at Rhode Island this month, working under his brother, Dan Hurley. He spent the previous two seasons as an assistant at Wagner, also with Dan as the head coach. At Buffalo, he takes over for Reggie Witherspoon,
doc_id: 1579
ON PAR; Pushback on Nike Ad Celebrating Woods
On one hand, Nike&#x2019;s exuberance over Tiger Woods rising again to No. 1 in the world is understandable. The company stood by Woods through his infidelity-fueled fall from grace &#x2014; unlike dumping the likes of the cyclist Lance Armstrong and the runner Oscar Pistorius for far more serious offenses &#x2014; and quietly waited for their
doc_id: 1580
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Spain Back to Winning
Pedro Rodr&#xED;guez bundled home the winner as Spain beat France, 1-0, in Paris on Tuesday to reclaim first place in their World Cup qualifying group. Spain had tied its past two matches. Striker Karim Benzema was jeered by the home crowd when he was substituted; his spell without a goal for France reached 12 games. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Dejan
doc_id: 1581
Jeter Confirms Stint on D.L.
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Derek Jeter finally acknowledged the sobering reality Tuesday that he will start the season on the disabled list, forcing him to miss his first opening day game since 2001.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I told you guys all along my goal is to be ready by opening day, and I didn&#x2019;t reach it,&#x201D; he told reporters. &#x201C;So,
doc_id: 1582
UNITED STATES 0, MEXICO 0; For U.S., Tie in Mexico Feels a Lot Like Victory
MEXICO CITY &#x2014; It is one thing to beat Mexico at Azteca Stadium in a friendly match, as the United States did last summer. It is something much more rewarding to forge a tie in a World Cup qualifying match, as the Americans did, 0-0, on Tuesday night.&#xa; &#xa;A United States team that endured criticism of its coach both internally and
doc_id: 1583
If This Were 2006, Yanks Would Be in Great Shape
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Inside the Yankees&#x2019; clubhouse Tuesday afternoon, parallel universes swirled about each other. While the injured stars that have helped the Yankees make the playoffs the last three years tended to their wounds, the new veterans who were brought in at the last moment to replace them embraced each other.&#xa; &#xa;There was
doc_id: 1584
McIlroy Has a Change of Scenery and of Mind-Set
During his week off in Key Biscayne, Fla., Rory McIlroy practiced at a public course. It was not quite like the tennis star Novak Djokovic&#x2019;s hitting on a neighborhood court surrounded by a chain-link fence, with grass growing out of the cracks in the concrete. Crandon Park Golf Course, where McIlroy made himself at home, has been ranked one
doc_id: 1585
WOMEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; Delle Donne Fuels Delaware; Griner Makes Three Dunks
Elena Delle Donne scored 33 points in her final home game, and Delaware rallied past foul-plagued North Carolina, 78-69, on Tuesday in Newark, Del., to advance to the Round of 16 in the N.C.A.A. women&#x2019;s tournament for the first time in program history.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;It was a little sad, it was emotional, saying goodbye,&#x201D; Delle
doc_id: 1586
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Fans Return in Egypt
In African World Cup qualifying, Egypt beat Zimbabwe, 2-1, in Alexandria, rewarding around 10,000 fans allowed in to watch an Egyptian home game for the first time in more than a year. The ban on fans had been prompted by riots at a stadium in Port Said in February 2012, when more than 70 people were killed in clashes at a league game. &#xa;
doc_id: 1587
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Nash&#x2019;s Two Goals Guide the Rangers to a Customary Victory Over the Flyers
The Rangers are looking to gather steam for a playoff push. Philadelphia was the perfect place to start.&#xa; &#xa;Rick Nash scored twice, Derek Stepan had a goal and three assists, and the Rangers extended their dominance of the Flyers with a 5-2 victory Tuesday night. Brad Richards and Chris Kreider also scored for the Rangers, who have won 11 of
doc_id: 1588
KNICKS 100, CELTICS 85; Knicks Poised to Take Celtics&#x2019; Crown
BOSTON &#x2014; It will be at least another month, perhaps in a first-round playoff series, before declarations can be made, or conclusions drawn, or torches passed &#x2014; or wrested away. After five years of pre-eminence, the Boston Celtics have at least earned a withholding of judgment until the games really matter.&#xa; &#xa;But the ground
doc_id: 1589
H.G.H. Case Could Affect N.F.L. Talks
The Court of Arbitration for Sport on Tuesday questioned the reliability of limits set for positive tests for human growth hormone, which could complicate N.F.L. negotiations to establish an H.G.H. testing program for players.&#xa; &#xa;A three-person arbitration panel overturned the International Skiing Federation&#x2019;s three-year suspension of
doc_id: 1590
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Buffalo Hires Hurley
The University at Buffalo hired Bobby Hurley as its men&#x2019;s basketball coach. Hurley completed his first season as an associate coach at Rhode Island this month, working under his brother, Dan Hurley. He spent the previous two seasons as an assistant at Wagner, also with Dan as the head coach. At Buffalo, he takes over for Reggie Witherspoon,
doc_id: 1591
Suns And Brothers
PHOENIX &#x2014; As intensely close twins, the basketball players Markieff and Marcus Morris have identical cars, beards and tattoos. One inking on their left biceps proclaims FOE, shorthand for &#x201C;family over everything.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;It would not be accurate to say that motto also represents a grand strategy for their struggling and
doc_id: 1592
LEADING OFF; Woods&#x2019;s Return to No. 1 Soothes Golf
For the traditionalists who had a tough weekend, the status quo fought back for you Monday. There were a lot of people rattled by the rise of Florida Gulf Coast and La Salle and Wichita State &#x2014; you could spot them staring balefully at brackets dominated by colleges they had actually heard of &#x2014; but their world grew a little brighter
doc_id: 1593
Battered and Beaten, Celtics Play as if Best Days Are Behind Them
BOSTON &#x2014; A fifth straight defeat, even at home to the hated Knicks , somehow seemed almost preordained for what remains of the Boston Celtics these days. Coach Doc Rivers drew up his 17th starting lineup Tuesday night &#x2014; and then watched his injury-ravaged team drop a 100-85 decision to the Knicks, the Celtics&#x2019; 11th &#x2014; and
doc_id: 1594
GOAL; Protest Is Dismissed
Quicker than it takes snow to melt, FIFA on Tuesday dismissed Costa Rica&#x2019;s protest of last Friday&#x2019;s match against the United States that was played in a snowstorm in Commerce City, Colo. The U.S. won, 1-0.&#xa; &#xa;FIFA received a letter via e-mail and fax from the Costa Rica F.A. on 24 March 2013 with regards to the 2014 FIFA World
doc_id: 1595
ON BASEBALL; Rangers, Free to Spend, Don&#x2019;t Spend Freely
Surprise, Ariz.&#xa; &#xa;Lance Berkman does not wear his championship ring from the 2011 World Series. It is too gaudy, he said, and he would rather not draw attention to himself. But that should not imply he is shy about the achievement. Berkman earned the ring with the St. Louis Cardinals by hitting .423 against his new team, the Texas Rangers .
doc_id: 1596
A Rookie Unheralded, Undrafted and Unfazed
Cory Conacher is a 5-foot-8 center in a league that still looks askance at small players. He played four years at Canisius College, which had never sent a player to the N.H.L. Undrafted, he tried out with three minor league teams before signing a pro contract. He has Type 1 diabetes. Yet there he is, racing all over the ice for the Tampa Bay
doc_id: 1597
FIVETHIRTYEIGHT; Expect Teams That Have Won Big to Keep Winning
The story of the N.C.A.A. men&#x2019;s basketball tournament is Florida Gulf Coast University, which on Sunday became the first No. 15 seed ever to reach the Round of 16, despite having become a full Division I member only last season. Just how unlikely was its accomplishment? Does the team have a chance of advancing much further? And what about
doc_id: 1598
Wang Hopes to Get Back to Where He Started
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Chien-Ming Wang was back in a Yankees cap working out at their minor league complex Monday, attempting to reclaim at least a small portion of the glory he carved out in a different era.&#xa; &#xa;After pitching well for Taiwan in the World Baseball Classic, the free agent Wang was courted by several teams, all offering minor
doc_id: 1599
WOMEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; UConn Wallops Vanderbilt to Reach the Round of 16
Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis scored 22 points, and top-seeded Connecticut (31-4) advanced to the Round of 16 in the women&#x2019;s N.C.A.A. tournament for the 20th consecutive season with a 77-44 victory over No. 8 Vanderbilt on Monday night in Storrs, Conn.&#xa; &#xa;The Huskies (31-4) are seeking their sixth straight trip to the Final Four. Tiffany
doc_id: 1600
SOUTH: FLORIDA GULF COAST VS. FLORIDA; On Campus, Hoping Success Will Be a Draw
FORT MYERS, Fla. &#x2014; It was high noon on the sun-splashed campus, and Sherwood Brown looked perky despite having arrived from Philadelphia at 3 in the morning. He posed for picture after picture after picture with a small army of fans of America&#x2019;s newest basketball darlings, the Florida Gulf Coast University Eagles.&#xa; &#xa;Most fans
doc_id: 1601
ON PRO BASKETBALL; In East Turf Battle, The High Ground Remains in Dispute
GREENBURGH, N.Y.&#xa; &#xa;Tyson Chandler drew a crowd, and Carmelo Anthony ducked past it, virtually unnoticed, perfectly executing the oldest misdirection play in the Knicks &#x2019; playbook, their own special brand of screen and roll. Chandler provided the screen Monday afternoon, by speaking to members of the news media for the first time in
doc_id: 1602
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Giants&#x2019; Boothe Re-Signs
Left guard Kevin Boothe re-signed with the Giants after spending time on the free-agent market. The versatile Boothe started all 16 games at left guard last season. The signing comes a little less than a month after left tackle Will Beatty signed a five-year contract. SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL
doc_id: 1603
SOUTH: FLORIDA GULF COAST VS. FLORIDA; On Campus, Hoping Success Will Be a Draw
FORT MYERS, Fla. &#x2014; It was high noon on the sun-splashed campus, and Sherwood Brown looked perky despite having arrived from Philadelphia at 3 in the morning. He posed for picture after picture after picture with a small army of fans of America&#x2019;s newest basketball darlings, the Florida Gulf Coast University Eagles.&#xa; &#xa;Most fans
doc_id: 1604
Stung by New Loss, Stephens Insists She Still Wants to Win
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. &#x2014; Everything was setting up perfectly for Sloane Stephens to reverse the downward trend she has been on since upsetting Serena Williams to reach the semifinals at the Australian Open.&#xa; &#xa;Stephens needed to play only one match to reach the Round of 16 at the Sony Open, a result of a first-round bye and a third-round
doc_id: 1605
Before the Fairy Tale Ride, Some Blemishes
At the time, it did not strike Lipscomb Coach Scott Sanderson as particularly noteworthy. About an hour before his team faced Florida Gulf Coast on Jan. 17, Sanderson glanced across the gym and saw that the Eagles had formed a layup line, or at least some futuristic version of one.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;The thing is, they were all dunking,&#x201D; he
doc_id: 1606
HEAT 108, MAGIC 94; No Wade, No Problem as Heat Extend Their Streak to 27
ORLANDO, Fla. &#x2014; Dwyane Wade sat out his second consecutive game, but again, it hardly mattered. &#xa; &#xa;Wade watched from the bench as the Miami Heat cruised to a 108-94 victory over the Orlando Magic on Monday night, extending their winning streak to 27 games, six short of tying the N.B.A. record set by the Los Angeles Lakers during the
doc_id: 1607
Snow Bank
SOCHI, Russia &#x2014; The biggest worry among organizers for next year&#x2019;s Winter Olympics is not whether the sites will be in order, or that the 30-mile road and the new railroad tracks and the thousands of hotel rooms all being built from scratch will be complete, or that the stands will be full of fans despite this city&#x2019;s remote
doc_id: 1608
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Nuggets&#x2019; Streak Ends at 15
Ryan Anderson scored 23 points, Brian Roberts doubled his career high with 18 assists and the New Orleans Hornets beat visiting Denver, 110-86, on Monday night, ending the Nuggets &#x2019; 15-game winning streak. New Orleans, playing without its starting backcourt of Eric Gordon and Greivis Vasquez, was in control all the way. Danilo Gallinari had
doc_id: 1609
Senators Beat Devils in Shootout
Mika Zibanejad scored the deciding goal in a shootout to carry the host Ottawa Senators past the Devils, 3-2, on Monday night.&#xa; &#xa;Chris Phillips and Colin Greening also scored for the Senators, and Ben Bishop made 32 saves. Andrei Loktionov and Marek Zidlicky scored for the Devils, who tied the score, 2-2, just over six minutes into the
doc_id: 1610
WOMEN: KENTUCKY VS. DAYTON; At Kentucky, the Women&#x2019;s Team Plays On
One week after defending national champion Kentucky made a swift exit from the National Invitation Tournament with an upset loss at Robert Morris, the Wildcats&#x2019; basketball banner is flying high.&#xa; &#xa;The women&#x2019;s program, which has gone from a footnote at the university to the 28-5 team ranked seventh in the nation, can set a
doc_id: 1611
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Adu Moves to Brazil
The Philadelphia Union reached a contract termination by mutual consent with midfielder Freddy Adu , who signed with Esporte Clube Bahia, a Brazilian club. In turn, the Union acquired the veteran Brazilian midfielder Jose Kleberson on loan from Bahia. SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER
doc_id: 1612
THE QUAD; A Championship Won, and a Streak Extended
The Pittsburgh Penguins have won 12 games in a row. The Miami Heat have won 26 in a row. The Baylor women&#x2019;s basketball team has won 31 in a row. But they have a ways to go to catch the University of Minnesota women&#x2019;s hockey team. The Gophers completed a 41-0 season Sunday by winning their second straight national championship with a
doc_id: 1613
BATS; Mets Executive Joins MSG
Dave Howard, a top executive of the Mets, is leaving Flushing for Manhattan to become the president of MSG Sports, the sports division of Madison Square Garden.&#xa; &#xa;The job has been vacant since last September when Scott O&#x2019;Neil left after four years on the job. Howard, the long-time executive vice president for business operations for
doc_id: 1614
BATS; Once a Staple for the Mets, Feliciano Is Sent to the Minors
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; The disappointment spread plainly across Pedro Feliciano&#x2019;s face and flattened his voice as he spoke.&#xa; &#xa;Feliciano revealed early Monday morning that his odd and rigorous ride through major league baseball, one that has been dormant since 2010, would not be resumed next week as he hoped &#x2014; at least
doc_id: 1615
After Conquering Snow, U.S. Now Faces Altitude
MEXICO CITY &#x2014; The Iditarod will not break out here Tuesday when the United States faces Mexico in a World Cup qualifying match. There will be a significant increase in elevation, smog and opponent&#x2019;s skill level. But snowplows will not be on standby at Estadio Azteca. The only white stuff likely to fall is confetti.&#xa; &#xa;Still,
doc_id: 1616
ON BASEBALL; The Place That Makes a Riddle of Pitching
Scottsdale, Ariz.&#xa; &#xa;The quotation on the bulletin board above Bill Geivett&#x2019;s desk here describes the mind-set of the Colorado Rockies . It comes from Lou Holtz, the former Notre Dame football coach, and encapsulates the defiance the Rockies may need more than any other major league team. &#x201C;I don&#x2019;t care who questions our
doc_id: 1617
Back at No. 1, Woods Shifts Gaze to Augusta
ORLANDO, Fla. &#x2014; A few miles from Bay Hill Club and Lodge, Tiger Woods ran into a fire hydrant, and out gushed sordid details of his private life. Two years later, in November 2011, he reached rock bottom in his professional life, dropping to No. 58 in the world rankings. &#xa; &#xa;Gilded to gilded, gold dust to gold dust, Woods returned to
doc_id: 1618
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASEBALL; Lohse Signs With Brewers
Kyle Lohse and Milwaukee completed a three-year contract worth $33 million, a big boost to the team&#x2019;s suspect rotation. Lohse had his best season in the majors last year, going 16-3 with a 2.86 earned run average and helping the St. Louis Cardinals earn an N.L. wild-card spot. SPORTS BRIEFING | BASEBALL
doc_id: 1619
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Minnesota Fires Smith
Minnesota fired Tubby Smith one day after the Golden Gophers lost to Florida in the N.C.A.A. tournament. Athletic Director Norwood Teague said it was time for a &#x201C;fresh set of eyes.&#x201D; Smith was 124-81 (.610) in six seasons at Minnesota. But he was just 46-62 in Big Ten play and never finished higher than sixth in the conference. The
doc_id: 1620
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Champions Watch Champions as Heat Extend Run to 26
Some of the world&#x2019;s best athletes came out to see if the Miami Heat could do it again. Novak Djokovic, the top-ranked men&#x2019;s tennis player. Wladimir Klitschko, the heavyweight boxing king. Rory McIlroy, who sits atop the golf rankings for at least one more night.&#xa; &#xa;And they saw quite a show. The host Heat won their 26th
doc_id: 1621
SPORTS BRIEFING | WRESTLING; Milestone N.C.A.A. Title
The Cornell senior Kyle Dake became the first wrestler in N.C.A.A. history to win four national titles at four weights, and Penn State won the national championship for the third year in a row.&#xa; &#xa;The 165-pound Dake beat the defending champion David Taylor of Penn State, 5-4, in Des Moines, Iowa, on Saturday night, joining Pat Smith and Cael
doc_id: 1622
WEST: LA SALLE 76, MISSISSIPPI 74; Driving the Lane, La Salle Finds It Leads Straight to the Round of 16
KANSAS CITY, Mo. &#x2014; So what, exactly, is a Southwest Philly floater?&#xa; &#xa;A shot that creates memories. Especially for a small Catholic university from Philadelphia. Tyrone Garland made one Sunday, driving the lane for a bank shot with two and a half seconds to play after Mississippi turned the ball over on a shot-clock violation, giving
doc_id: 1623
EAST: MIAMI 63, ILLINOIS 59; Pushed to the End, Miami Finds Its Rhythm and Holds Off Illinois
AUSTIN, Tex. &#x2014; The Miami Hurricanes start four seniors, and their lone underclassman, the sophomore guard Shane Larkin, happens to be the Atlantic Coast Conference player of the year.&#xa; &#xa;They endured the foibles of any team under the heat lamp of the N.C.A.A. tournament, but fortified with such experience, they can turn it on like the
doc_id: 1624
Ready for More? The Next Hurdle
After a memorable opening weekend in the N.C.A.A. tournament, the Round of 16 this week will feature an eclectic mix: the brand names, the underdogs, the overlooked and the never-saw-it-coming.&#xa; &#xa;All eyes will turn again to Florida Gulf Coast, which became the first No. 15 seed to reach the Round of 16 with its 81-71 victory over San Diego
doc_id: 1625
WOMEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; Notre Dame 97, U.T.-Martin 64
Jewell Loyd scored 27 points, and top-seeded Notre Dame blew past No. 16 Tennessee-Martin, 97-64, on Sunday in the opening round of the N.C.A.A. tournament in a Norfolk Region game in Iowa City, Iowa.&#xa; &#xa;Kayla McBride had 22 points and 10 rebounds for the Fighting Irish (32-1), who have won 27 straight. Natalie Achonwa added 16 points.
doc_id: 1626
Anger in Wake of Marlins&#x2019; Stadium Deal Threatens Dolphins&#x2019; Renovation Plan
MIAMI &#x2014; Carlos Gimenez does not mind being a killjoy when it comes to stadiums.&#xa; &#xa;When he was a Miami-Dade County commissioner in 2009, he opposed public financing for the Marlins&#x2019; new baseball stadium, a deal considered by many to be one of the worst giveaways in sports. Now the county&#x2019;s mayor, he is taking a wary
doc_id: 1627
SPORTS BRIEFING | SKIING; Shiffrin Falters in Slalom
The world champion Mikaela Shiffrin straddled a gate in the final run, handing the slalom title to Ana Goodman of Canada in the United States Alpine Championships in Squaw Valley, Calif. Shiffrin, of Vail, Colo., had a 1.22-second lead after the opening run. Katie Hartman of Breckenridge, Colo., won the combined title with the fastest total time
doc_id: 1628
MIDWEST: DUKE 66, CREIGHTON 50; In a Game Full of Misses, Duke Misses Less and Does Enough to Advance
PHILADELPHIA &#x2014; It seemed perfectly appropriate for Duke &#x2019;s Tyler Thornton to bank in a 3-pointer at the halftime buzzer. It was that kind of game Sunday night at Wells Fargo Center. Lots of inartistic shooting. Lots of fouls. Lots of floor burns and whistles. So many whistles.&#xa; &#xa;For Duke and Creighton, which are both known for
doc_id: 1629
SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING; Busch Wins in Fontana
Kyle Busch took advantage of a final-lap wreck involving the rivals Denny Hamlin and Joey Logano to earn Joe Gibbs Racing its first victory Sunday at Auto Club Speedway in Fontana, Calif. &#x2014; the only track where the team had never won.&#xa; &#xa;Hamlin and Logano made contact while racing side by side in the last lap of the Auto Club 400
doc_id: 1630
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Penguins Extend Streak; Lightning Fire Coach
Tyler Kennedy scored 2 minutes 33 seconds into overtime, and the Pittsburgh Penguins won their 12th straight game, 2-1, over the Philadelphia Flyers on Sunday night.&#xa; &#xa;Philadelphia was in control until Wayne Simmonds and Kimmo Timonen went off with penalties 23 seconds apart with less than eight minutes remaining. Sidney Crosby, the
doc_id: 1631
ON COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Wichita State Runs and Fights
SALT LAKE CITY&#xa; &#xa;Throughout this season of exceeded expectations, Wichita State charted its wins and losses, but not just in its games or scrimmages or exhibitions. No, the Shockers separated the victors from the vanquished on a daily basis &#x2014; in individual drills, in practice. The losers ran sprints. The winners watched. This
doc_id: 1632
BATS; Two Mets Are Pushing To Be Ready For Opener
6:48 p.m. | Updated PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; Matt den Dekker&#x2019;s audacious outfield play has earned him many plaudits during this spring training, and his spectacular catches have kept many wondering whether the Mets would start him at the major leagues solely for his glove.&#xa; &#xa;But his aggressiveness can be a hazard, too. During
doc_id: 1633
ON BASEBALL; From New Jersey to the Angels, a Star With a Minor League Ego
Tempe, Ariz.&#xa; &#xa;Mike Trout plays left field here in the shadow of a butte, a rocky, patchy brown hill with green and yellow brush, backlit by sunshine. Weather, of course, is never much of a hazard at Tempe Diablo Stadium, where Trout worked out on a recent morning, the only Los Angeles Angel on the field at 8:30, shuttling side to side
doc_id: 1634
EAST: INDIANA 58, TEMPLE 52; A Late 3-Pointer Falls, Ensuring That No. 1 Indiana Does Not
DAYTON, Ohio &#x2014; Indiana&#x2019;s Christian Watford, Remy Abell and Yogi Ferrell watched Gonzaga lose to Wichita State from their hotel room Saturday night, enjoying the way the Shockers hit shots and felled a top seed in the N.C.A.A. tournament&#x2019;s opening weekend. &#xa; &#xa;Less than 18 hours later, they were beginning to understand
doc_id: 1635
Jeter, Still Sore, Appears Headed for the D.L.
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Brian Cashman explained that additional soreness in Derek Jeter &#x2019;s surgically repaired ankle would most likely force Jeter onto the disabled list, which would ensure that he would miss opening day. Moments later, Cashman, the Yankees &#x2019; general manager, was asked if everything else was all right.&#xa; &#xa;With his
doc_id: 1636
NETS 102, SUNS 100; Nets Regain Their Road Momentum
PHOENIX &#x2014; One team was missing its sweet-shooting guard. The other got an unexpected explosion from an erratic shooting guard of the same surname. With the Nets &#x2019; Joe Johnson sidelined, a 3-point barrage &#x2014; four in the final 2 minutes 12 seconds of the third quarter &#x2014; from Wesley Johnson helped Phoenix erase a 16-point
doc_id: 1637
SOUTH: FLORIDA GULF COAST 81, SAN DIEGO ST. 71; A 15th Seed Makes The Round of 16 For the First Time
PHILADELPHIA &#x2014; After pregame player introductions, Florida Gulf Coast&#x2019;s Sherwood Brown began to dance as his teammates, their arms interlocked, spun in a circle around him, their speed building and building until they broke apart and scattered.&#xa; &#xa;In a sense, that was how the Eagles hoped to play against San Diego State on
doc_id: 1638
As Chicago&#x2019;s Wait For Rose Continues, Weight Grows Heavier
CHICAGO &#x2014; When Derrick Rose sustained a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee in the first round of last year&#x2019;s N.B.A. playoffs, Chicago Bulls fans immediately began counting the days until his return. Eleven months later, they are still counting, but are also fully engaged in hand-wringing, anxious uncertainty and perhaps
doc_id: 1639
Reds Coach Has Cancer
Cincinnati&#x2019;s third-base coach, Mark Berry, said he had cancer on his tonsils and neck lymph nodes.Berry, 50, intends to stay on at least for home games, although it is unclear whether he will remain in his current role. (AP)
doc_id: 1640
Freshmen Help Oust the Red Storm
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) &#x2014; The freshman Justin Anderson scored a career-high 18 points, and Virginia extended its home winning streak to 19 games Sunday with a 68-50 victory against St. John&#x2019;s in the second round of the National Invitation Tournament.&#xa; &#xa;Taylor Barnette, another freshman, added a career-high 13 points for
doc_id: 1641
WEST: OHIO STATE 78, IOWA STATE 75; Ohio State Edges Iowa State on a Buzzer-Beater Out of a Child&#x2019;s Daydream
DAYTON, Ohio &#x2014; The West Region is in shambles. The one, three, four, five, seven and eight seeds will not be going to Los Angeles for the regional semifinals this week.&#xa; &#xa;But somehow &#x2014; barely, luckily, unbelievably &#x2014; the No. 2 seed, Ohio State , can pack its bags. Aaron Craft, the senior point guard from Findlay, Ohio,
doc_id: 1642
DAYTON 96, ST. JOHN&#x27;S 90 (2OT); For St. John&#x2019;s Seniors, Run of Success Ends in Double Overtime
The most accomplished senior class in the history of women&#x2019;s basketball at St. John&#x2019;s suffered an agonizing end by falling to Dayton, 96-90 in double overtime, in a first-round N.C.A.A. tournament game at Carnesecca Arena.&#xa; &#xa;A group that earned at-large berths in all four years, which lifted the Red Storm to singular heights
doc_id: 1643
CAPITALS 3, RANGERS 2 (SO); Gaining Point Eases the Sting of a Loss
Going into Sunday&#x2019;s game against the Washington Capitals , Henrik Lundqvist had won 44 shootouts, more than any other N.H.L. goalie, and his .765 save percentage was better than that of any goalie who had been in 20 or more shootouts. &#xa; &#xa;In other words, Lundqvist has stolen a lot of extra points for the Rangers over the years. But
doc_id: 1644
BATS; Yankees Near Deal With Angels For Wells
10:03 p.m. | Updated TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; The Yankees were working to sort out the final details Sunday of a trade that would bring them outfielder Vernon Wells from the Los Angeles Angels.&#xa; &#xa;Wells, who has been a disappointment in Anaheim, is owed $42 million over the next two seasons, but the Angels are expected to pay slightly more than
doc_id: 1645
Mets Lose Den Dekker
The Mets shed seven players from their major league camp. Most were lost by design, but one wasby misfortune when center fielder Matt den Dekker broke his wrist. As expected, the Mets optioned catcher Travis d&#x2019;Arnaud, 24, to the minor leagues, sending him off with some high praise. &#x201C;He met all of our expectations, which, for the
doc_id: 1646
SLAP SHOT; Ex-Ranger Kovalev Still Wants to Play
Alexei Kovalev, the last player still active from the Rangers&#x2019; 1994 Stanley Cup championship team before his retirement last week, said Sunday that he intends to play in Europe next season.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I&#x2019;m not ready for this kind of event,&#x201D; Kovalev told reporters at a Montreal Canadiens old-timers game at the Bell Centre,
doc_id: 1647
SOUTH: FLORIDA 78, MINNESOTA 64; Gators Take Big Lead, Then Pull Away After the Game Gets Close
AUSTIN, Tex. &#x2014; Florida has proved equal parts fragile and unflinching this season, frittering away tight games that a program of its stature is expected to dominate or handing opponents demoralizing defeats.&#xa; &#xa;Sunday&#x2019;s 78-64 victory against Minnesota fell somewhere in the middle of that spectrum, leaving the Gators joyous and
doc_id: 1648
With Few Players Able to Stop Woods&#x2019;s March to No. 1, the Weather Does
ORLANDO, Fla. &#x2014; After Tiger Woods birdied the second hole to increase his lead at the Arnold Palmer Invitational to three strokes, it seemed that only an act of nature could prevent him from winning his 77th PGA Tour title, and his record-tying eighth in a single tournament. &#xa; &#xa;As if on cue, as Woods and his playing partner, Rickie
doc_id: 1649
SOUTH: KANSAS 70, NORTH CAROLINA 58; A Day for Partying, and Business as Usual
KANSAS CITY, Mo. &#x2014; North Carolina Coach Roy Williams walked out of the tunnel last, well after his players and assistants, a police officer beside him until he reached the hardwood floor. Slowly, politely, Kansas fans at Sprint Center stood and cheered for Williams, a former Jayhawks coach. &#xa; &#xa;It was not overwhelming love, but it
doc_id: 1650
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE HOCKEY; Irish Are Final Champs
Notre Dame is the final Central Collegiate Hockey Association champion. The Irish, heading to Hockey East for the 2013-14 season, beat Michigan, 3-1, in Detroit in the C.C.H.A.&#x2019;s final championship game. All of the C.C.H.A.&#x2019;s teams have found other conferences to play in next season, making this season, the C.C.H.A.&#x2019;s 42nd, its
doc_id: 1651
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Costa Rica Protests Loss
Costa Rica is asking soccer&#x2019;s governing body for a replay of Friday&#x2019;s World Cup qualifier against the United States, won, 1-0, by the Americans during a snowstorm in Commerce City, Colo.&#xa; &#xa;The Costa Rican Football Federation treasurer, Rolando Villalobos, said in a statement Sunday that documentation had been sent to FIFA to
doc_id: 1652
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; Sharapova Advances
No. 3-seeded Maria Sharapova moved into the fourth round of the Sony Open in Key Biscayne, Fla., with a 6-4, 6-2 win over a fellow Russian, Elena Vesnina. Sharapova, who completed a career Grand Slam last year, is looking for her first title at Key Biscayne, where she lost in the 2005, 2006, 2011 and 2012 finals.&#xa; &#xa;In men&#x2019;s play,
doc_id: 1653
BATS; Pettitte Optimistic
LAKELAND, Fla. &#x2014; The growing sentiment around baseball takes a dim view of the Yankees&#x2019; chances in 2013, what with the losses of key players like Nick Swisher, Russell Martin and Rafael Soriano, plus injuries to Mark Teixeira, Curtis Granderson, Alex Rodriguez and Derek Jeter.&#xa; &#xa;But Andy Pettitte, fresh off the mound after a
doc_id: 1654
EAST: MIAMI VS. ILLINOIS; Shane Larkin and Durand Scott Spark Miami From the Backcourt
AUSTIN, Tex. &#x2014; The drill immediately stokes their competitive fire. When Miami Coach Jim Larranaga calls out &#x201C;five minutes of 3s&#x201D; at practice, his players respond with an energy and alacrity reflected in Larranaga&#x2019;s tone.&#xa; &#xa;The Hurricanes have five minutes to make as many 3-point shots as possible. The prize: a
doc_id: 1655
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Devils Win But Lose Kovalchuk To Injury
Days after Martin Brodeur&#x2019;s return to their lineup, the Devils must deal with an injury to another star player.&#xa; &#xa;The player, Ilya Kovalchuk , injured his right shoulder when he slammed into the boards behind the Florida Panthers &#x2019; net in the third period of the Devils&#x2019; 2-1 home victory Saturday night. Devils Coach
doc_id: 1656
MIDWEST: OREGON 74, ST. LOUIS 57; Oregon Ends Emotional Run by St. Louis
SAN JOSE, Calif. &#x2014; The end for St. Louis started simply, with one 3-pointer, then another, bombs to break apart a game clogged by tight defense. And when Oregon made another to bookend a 20-4 run to end the first half, the highly regarded Billikens, wearing patches on their uniforms to commemorate the December death of their coach, finally
doc_id: 1657
WEST: WICHITA STATE 76, GONZAGA 70; For Surprise No. 1, It&#x2019;s Two Games and Out
SALT LAKE CITY &#x2014; They shuffled down the corridor at EnergySolutions Arena, first the Gonzaga cheerleaders, then Coach Mark Few and three of his players, then the band. No one said a word. It resembled a funeral procession.&#xa; &#xa;Minutes earlier, top-ranked Gonzaga&#x2019;s season had expired, and against a team from Wichita State that is
doc_id: 1658
Injury Stops Venus Williams
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. &#x2014; Just minutes before she was supposed to take the court Saturday against Sloane Stephens, Venus Williams withdrew from the Sony Open with a lower back injury. &#xa; &#xa;Williams, 32, is the second big name on the women&#x2019;s side to pull out of the event, joining the two-time champion Victoria Azarenka. Her match
doc_id: 1659
ROUNDUP; Cardinals Closer Sidelined
St. Louis&#x2019;s Jason Motte will probably start the season on the disabled list with a muscle flexor strain in his pitching arm. (AP) ROUNDUP
doc_id: 1660
KNICKS 110, RAPTORS 84; On Kidd&#x2019;s 40th Birthday, It&#x2019;s Martin Who Puts Spring in Knicks&#x2019; Step
From the beginning, it seemed this Knicks season would be defined by age &#x2014; its benefits, its limitations and its consequences, with the precise weight of each effect to be determined by the 82-game schedule.&#xa; &#xa;The verdict remains murky at this late stage of the season, but for the moment, the Knicks are quite grateful for the
doc_id: 1661
OFF THE DRIBBLE; Where Battier Goes, Winning Streaks Follow
The question of whether it is better to be loved or hated may never be answered satisfactorily, but when it comes to Shane Battier, there is no need to choose. He is loved and hated with equal passion, based almost entirely on how one feels about Duke basketball.&#xa; &#xa;As the Miami Heat work their way toward the N.B.A. record of 33 consecutive
doc_id: 1662
WEST: IOWA STATE VS. OHIO STATE; In Addition to Team, Coach Keeps Heart in Mind
DAYTON, Ohio &#x2014; It was well past midnight by the time Iowa State Coach Fred Hoiberg had finished his news media obligations and walked back out to the court, where his team was still celebrating Friday&#x2019;s victory over Notre Dame.&#xa; &#xa;The bus had not yet arrived. Family and friends milled about, and Hoiberg folded his 6-foot-5
doc_id: 1663
CLIPPERS 101, NETS 95; Nets Can&#x2019;t Slow Paul, Falling to Clippers Late
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; The Nets will extend their longest trip of the season to Phoenix on Sunday with the knowledge of how close they came to victory Saturday night.&#xa; &#xa;The Los Angeles Clippers rallied in the fourth quarter for a 101-95 victory at Staples Center. The Nets&#x2019; loss, combined with the Knicks&#x2019; 110-84 victory against
doc_id: 1664
ESSAY; Acceptance by Example, On the Field and at Home
My three young daughters, like most kids, are curious and ask a lot of questions. My wife and I are as open and honest with them as possible. But there&#x2019;s one question I&#x2019;m not prepared to answer: &#x201C;Why aren&#x2019;t Clare and Lesa married?&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;I don&#x2019;t know how to explain to them what &#x201C;inferior&#x201D;
doc_id: 1665
A Quest for Privacy While on Center Stage
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. &#x2014; The day after Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn posted formal, studio-quality photographs on their Facebook and Twitter accounts to show that they were dating, the tennis star Caroline Wozniacki posted her own sports power-couple shot on Twitter. &#xa; &#xa;In Wozniacki&#x2019;s photograph, taken at a players&#x2019; party
doc_id: 1666
EAST: MARQUETTE 74, BUTLER 72; After a Thriller, Marquette Exhales And Moves On
LEXINGTON, Ky. &#x2014; Back and forth they went, Butler and Marquette, their game &#x2014; less a basketball matchup, more a war of attrition &#x2014; coming down to the final possession, the final moment, because it had to. Every made shot, every rebound, every defensive stop was met in kind.&#xa; &#xa;That is how the second half unspooled
doc_id: 1667
New York in His Blood, Winning on His Mind, Obstacles in His Way
COLUMBUS, Ohio &#x2014; John Davidson was reminiscing about his three decades in New York as a Rangers goaltender and a television announcer. &#xa; &#xa;His feelings are warm, and reciprocated. Although he left seven years ago, he still receives mail from Rangers fans. He reached across his desk and fished out a letter from a man who said his
doc_id: 1668
BATS; Chien-Ming Wang Returns
LAKELAND, Fla. &#x2014; The Yankees announced they signed Chien-Ming Wang, their own former pitcher, to a minor league contract to provide pitching depth. He is scheduled to work out on Monday.&#xa; &#xa;Wang, who will turn 33 on March 31, won 46 games for the Yankees from 2006 until June 15, 2008, when he injured his foot running the bases, the
doc_id: 1669
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; In Shadow Of Heat, Nuggets Win 15th Straight
While fans focus on the Miami Heat&#x2019;s pursuit of a record &#x2014; they have won 25 straight games &#x2014; Denver has its own streak going. Danilo Gallinari led a balanced attack with 19 points Saturday, and the host Nuggets won their 15th straight, 101-95 over the Sacramento Kings .&#xa; &#xa;Kenneth Faried had 17 points and 9 rebounds for
doc_id: 1670
After Struggling, Cervelli Is Bouncing Back With a Passion
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Francisco Cervelli&#x2019;s blue eyes peer with a perpetual state of wonder, open and expressive, as if he is seeing the world for the first time. Perhaps it was not surprising, then, that the thought of being the Yankees &#x2019; opening-day catcher seemed to startle him.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;If it happens, I will be
doc_id: 1671
Buck Gives Mets Mentor Behind Plate
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; Catcher John Buck meant no offense, but his sense of plain-spoken realism had developed over nearly a decade as a major leaguer.&#xa; &#xa;And so, while acknowledging that his performance last season for the Miami Marlins was one of his worst as a professional, he added that his worst would still be an improvement for
doc_id: 1672
SUNDAY&#x2019;S BEST
MISSISSIPPI VS. LA SALLE&#xA0; This is the most surprising matchup in the Round of 32. The Rebels&#x2019; Marshall Henderson expected it, though. Will his shooting spell the end of the Explorers&#x2019; run?&#xa; &#xa;SAN DIEGO STATE VS. FLORIDA GULF COAST&#xA0; The Eagles have a chance to prove their win over Georgetown was not a fluke, but Aztecs
doc_id: 1673
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Alabama Wins in N.I.T.
Levi Randolph scored 16 points and Retin Obasohan had a career-high 14 to lead host Alabama (23-12) to a 66-54 victory over Stanford (19-15) in the National Invitation Tournament. SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL
doc_id: 1674
TOP ARTICLES
The five most viewed articles on nytimes.com/sports from March 15 to 21.&#xa; &#xa;1. A NEW FIRST COUPLE IN SPORTS: WOODS AND VONN Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn announced on Facebook and Twitter that they were dating, then asked for privacy. (Published March 18) 2. RAPE CASE UNFOLDS ON WEB AND SPLITS CITY Twitter posts, videos and photographs
doc_id: 1675
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Webb Trails by Two
Beatriz Recari drove the green on the 285-yard 16th hole to set up a 4-foot eagle putt and finished with a three-under 69 for a two-stroke lead over the Hall of Famer Karrie Webb at the L.P.G.A.&#x2019;s Kia Classic in Carlsbad, Calif. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Corey Pavin (67) birdied his first six holes to join Bernhard Langer, Roger Chapman and Joe
doc_id: 1676
SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING; Busch Takes Fontana Race
Kyle Busch earned Joe Gibbs Racing&#x2019;s ninth consecutive Nationwide Series victory at Fontana, Calif., comfortably beating Sam Hornish Jr. for his third win in five races this season. SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING
doc_id: 1677
WOMEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; Kansas Upsets Colorado; Syracuse Is Eliminated
Angel Goodrich and Carolyn Davis each scored 14 points, and 12th-seeded Kansas upset fifth-seeded Colorado, 67-52, on Saturday night in a first-round Norfolk Region game on the Buffaloes&#x2019; home floor in Boulder.&#xa; &#xa;Kansas (19-13) used a 15-0 spurt spanning halftime to take control and advance. The Buffaloes (25-7) saw their first trip
doc_id: 1678
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; In Snowstorm, U.S. Finds Remedy For a Cold Spell
They continued the soccer match during a snowstorm Friday night near Denver for a very good reason.&#xa; &#xa;They had to. The players for the United States and Costa Rica, assembled from all over the soccer diaspora, were not likely to be in the same part of this country anytime soon. Play two games around Sept. 6 when the United States travels to
doc_id: 1679
ESSAY; A Baseball Education Under the Sun
We are in the family car, sometime in the 1950s, somewhere south of the Mason-Dixon line. Burma Shave signs still marked the two-lane highways between New York and Florida, and the South of the Border motel had beds that vibrated for 25 cents and were the highlight of the drive to spring training for a bored child on this annual three-day trip.
doc_id: 1680
SLAP SHOT; Excitement of Trade Deadline Has Potential to End With Thud
As with all things in this shrunken N.H.L. season, which began slightly more than two months ago, the April 3 trade deadline is coming fast. Canada&#x2019;s all-sports television networks like TSN began showing specials on it 30 days before the deadline, have dedicated Web pages to it and will, as always, devote at least nine hours of live
doc_id: 1681
ON BASEBALL; Stars of Cuba, Now and Then
Phoenix&#xa; &#xa;Jerry Blevins has played for the Oakland Athletics since September 2007, longer than anyone else likely to make the roster this season. His experience has taught him the essential lesson of life with the A&#x2019;s. &#x201C;I&#x2019;ve learned not to question what Billy Beane and the organization do,&#x201D; said Blevins, a
doc_id: 1682
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE HOCKEY; Coach&#x2019;s 40-Year Run Is Over
Derek Arnold scored with 8 minutes 41 seconds left in the third period and UMass-Lowell held off Boston University , 1-0, in Boston to win its first Hockey East tournament championship and end Jack Parker&#x2019;s 40-year-run as coach of the Terriers. SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE HOCKEY
doc_id: 1683
SOUTH: NO. 4 MICHIGAN 78, NO. 5 V.C.U. 53; Michigan Beats Press in a Rout of V.C.U.
AUBURN HILLS, Mich. &#x2014; The first half was winding down, and Trey Burke, again, swerved past his defender, into the paint, into the heart of Virginia Commonwealth &#x2019;s defense. It was helpless with Burke there. He lofted the ball toward the rim. &#xa; &#xa;Glenn Robinson III was behind the defense. He met the ball and swung down off the
doc_id: 1684
BATS; Less-Certain Jeter Eases Way Back Into Action
LAKELAND, Fla. &#x2014; Derek Jeter made it back into a game Saturday, his first since he was scratched from Tuesday&#x2019;s game due to soreness in his surgically repaired left ankle.&#xa; &#xa;It was a limited return, to be sure, as Jeter had four at-bats as the designated hitter for Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. He bounced out in all four
doc_id: 1685
BATS; Santana Stays Positive
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; There appears to remain a long road ahead for the left-hander Johan Santana, who has not pitched in a spring training game and will not join his teammates for the start of the regular season next month. &#xa; &#xa;Santana, who felt weakness in his shoulder upon arriving to camp, has been limited to playing catch on
doc_id: 1686
SPORTS BRIEFING | WINTER SPORTS; Ligety Tops Slalom Event
Ted Ligety won the slalom at the United States Alpine Championships in Squaw Valley, Calif., sweeping both runs for a 1.48-second victory. SPORTS BRIEFING | WINTER SPORTS
doc_id: 1687
WEST: MISSISSIPPI VS. LA SALLE; Long Shots and Long Road Converge at the Site of a Long-Ago Title
KANSAS CITY, Mo. &#x2014; Municipal Auditorium, the most historic place in La Salle University men&#x2019;s basketball, still stands at the corner of West 13th and Wyandotte Streets here. A breathtaking mix of art deco and curving forms, it remains home to the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (N.A.I.A.) Division I national
doc_id: 1688
Woods Takes Usual Place In Palmer&#x2019;s Invitational
ORLANDO, Fla. &#x2014; The electricity in the air made the hairs stand on people&#x2019;s necks, but it was not because of the thunderstorms in the area. The force of nature bearing down on Bay Hill Club and Lodge on Saturday was Tiger Woods . Trailing Justin Rose, the 36-hole co-leader, by five when he made the turn, Woods carded two birdies and
doc_id: 1689
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Red Bulls Fall in Montreal
Marco Di Vaio scored in the 14th minute and the Montreal Impact beat the visiting Red Bulls, 1-0, to improve to 4-0. The Red Bulls are 0-2-2. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Samuel Eto&#x2019;o scored twice to lead Cameroon over Togo, 2-1, and improve its chances of qualifying for next year&#x2019;s World Cup. Ivory Coast did not miss Didier Drogba in a 3-0 win
doc_id: 1690
WEST: ARIZONA 74, HARVARD 51; Expectations Elevated,&#xd; But Harvard Is Humbled
SALT LAKE CITY &#x2014; Brawn battered brains on Saturday. Hope was swallowed by Arizona&#x2019;s size. There went Harvard , among the darlings of this N.C.A.A. tournament, a life powerhouse turned basketball underdog whose charmed appearance here ended on the wrong end of a blowout.&#xa; &#xa;Arizona dominated, with its swift guards and towering
doc_id: 1691
MIDWEST: MICHIGAN STATE 70, MEMPHIS 48; Not Even a Squabble Between Teammates Can Slow the Spartans
AUBURN HILLS, Mich. &#x2014; Michigan State was trying to fend off Memphis, trying to do what it does almost every March and advance to the Round of 16, when two of its best players, who are also best friends, got into a spat during a second-half timeout. &#xa; &#xa;Coach Tom Izzo was about to diagram a play when Derrick Nix snapped a towel at
doc_id: 1692
BATS; Collins Looking Long Term
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; The Mets could begin the season without two key infielders, but Manager Terry Collins would prefer to be safe for the short term rather than risk any long-term absences.&#xa; &#xa;Third baseman David Wright took swings off a tee for the first time since receiving a cortisone shot for his strained intercostal muscle,
doc_id: 1693
EAST: SYRACUSE 66, CALIFORNIA 60; With Its Shots Awry, Syracuse Uses an On-Target Defense to Advance
SAN JOSE, Calif. &#x2014; There might not be another team in the N.C.A.A. tournament that can go more than 12 minutes without a field goal in the second half of a game and extend its lead. &#xa; &#xa;But Syracuse is not like other teams, not with its combination of a perpetually vexing 2-3 zone defense and characteristic above-the-rim flair. Using
doc_id: 1694
SOUTH: FLORIDA GULF COAST VS. SAN DIEGO STATE; Where Parity Rules, a Florida Gulf Coast Can Rise
PHILADELPHIA &#x2014; Before his team faced Mercer in the Atlantic Sun Conference tournament final March 9, Andy Enfield, the coach at Florida Gulf Coast, regaled his players with another story. Enfield has lots of stories. One for every occasion, some for no occasion at all.&#xa; &#xa;With an N.C.A.A. tournament berth at stake, Enfield told them
doc_id: 1695
MIDWEST: LOUISVILLE 82, COLORADO ST. 56; Louisville Coasts, a Blur of Steals and Scoring, Into the Round of 16
LEXINGTON, Ky. &#x2014; There was red, so much red at Rupp Arena on Saturday night. There was noise, so much noise. And there was pressure, so much pressure. Louisville welcomed it, thrived in it, inflicted it. Until Thursday morning, Larry Eustachy, the Colorado State coach, did not know a single player on Louisville&#x2019;s team, let alone Russ
doc_id: 1696
MIDWEST: OREGON 74, ST. LOUIS 57; Oregon Ends Emotional Run by St. Louis
SAN JOSE, Calif. &#x2014; The end for St. Louis started simply, with one 3-pointer, then another, bombs to break apart a game clogged by tight defense. And when Oregon made another to bookend a 20-4 run to end the first half, the highly regarded Billikens, wearing patches on their uniforms to commemorate the December death of their coach, finally
doc_id: 1697
30 SECONDS; In IndyCar, Racing In the Streets
The 2013 IndyCar Series season begins Sunday in Florida with the Honda Grand Prix of St. Petersburg, one of six street courses on the 19-race schedule. Target Chip Ganassi Racing will be trying to reclaim the series title after Ryan Hunter-Reay, 32, of Andretti Autosport ended Ganassi&#x2019;s five-year run of championships. The Ganassi teammates
doc_id: 1698
In Havana, Remembering A Minor League Championship
HAVANA &#x2014; When the Havana Sugar Kings were mentioned to Asdrubal Bar&#xF3;, a smile crept across his wrinkled face, revealing missing teeth. Seated in a wheelchair on the balcony of his Havana apartment surrounded by cactus plants, he said, &#x201C;I must show you something.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;Bar&#xF3;, 84, reached for a worn green book on
doc_id: 1699
SOUTH REGION: NO. 15 F.G.C.U. 78, NO. 2 GEORGETOWN 68; A Favorite Is One of the First to Go
PHILADELPHIA &#x2014; The final two and a half minutes were, in Andy Enfield&#x2019;s estimation, the longest two and a half minutes of his life. The game could not end soon enough, not with the way Georgetown was making 3-pointers and chipping away at Florida Gulf Coast&#x2019;s lead.&#xa; &#xa;Yet his players continued to conduct themselves with
doc_id: 1700
MIDWEST REGION: NO. 7 CREIGHTON 67, NO. 10 CINCINNATI 63; Men&#x27;s Roundup
PHILADELPHIA &#x2014; Coach Greg McDermott has punctuated nearly every one of his team&#x2019;s practices this season with a free-throw drill. His players must make 10 in row, sometimes more, before they can head home. If it looks as if he might have to turn out the lights on them, he puts a couple of minutes on the clock. Once time runs out, the
doc_id: 1701
WEST REGION; Darlings of Yore Hear the Cheers, But Not for Them
SALT LAKE CITY &#x2014; The N.C.A.A. tournament unfolded here as if in some sort of parallel universe: the conversation dominated by Gonzaga, the spotlight stolen by Harvard .&#xa; &#xa;The Zags, long darlings of college basketball&#x2019;s postseason, entered this year ranked among the favorites, stumbled against a No. 16 seed in Southern and
doc_id: 1702
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Rose and Haas in Front at Bay Hill
Tiger Woods has work to do if he wants to retain his title at Bay Hill in Orlando, Fla., and return to No. 1 in the world. Justin Rose three-putted the final hole for bogey and a two-under-par 70 to share the lead Friday with Bill Haas in the Arnold Palmer Invitational. Woods was one shot out of the lead until he bogeyed the last three holes. &#xa;
doc_id: 1703
SOUTH REGION; At Virginia Commonwealth, a Defense That Is Called Havoc
AUBURN HILLS, Mich. &#x2014; To end practice Wednesday, Shaka Smart stood at midcourt and had his Virginia Commonwealth team &#x2014; players, assistant coaches, trainers, everyone else &#x2014; line up in the paint. &#xa; &#xa;One by one, Smart rolled basketballs left or right. One by one, they dived, or rather threw their bodies, onto the floor
doc_id: 1704
WEST REGION; After Withdrawing, Harvard Star Roots From Afar
Plenty of college basketball fans across the country were rooting for Harvard on Thursday night when it upset third-seeded New Mexico, 68-62, in the N.C.A.A. tournament&#x2019;s Round of 64. There was no bigger supporter than Brandyn Curry, who was watching the game with his family in Charlotte, N.C.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I&#x2019;m pretty sure a lot
doc_id: 1705
WEST REGION: NO. 12 MISSISSIPPI 57, NO. 5 WISCONSIN 46; Opening With a Clang, a Rebel Recovers
KANSAS CITY, Mo. &#x2014; The 3-point attempt clanged high off the rim, again, and the standout Mississippi shooting guard Marshall Henderson ran downcourt shaking his head. Great, he thought. I&#x2019;m finally playing in the N.C.A.A. tournament, and now I stink. &#xa; &#xa;With Henderson missing 12 of his first 13 shots, and all 6 from 3-point
doc_id: 1706
BATS; Jeter Is Determined to Play With Yanks Again in March
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; One day after the Yankees said they were shutting down shortstop Derek Jeter from playing in any more major league spring training games, he announced Friday that nobody should rule out anything.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Listen, when I&#x2019;m ready to play, I&#x2019;ll play here,&#x201D; Jeter said after a 45-minute workout Friday
doc_id: 1707
Nets Clinch, And Owner Wants You To Know
Upon seeing his team clinch its first playoff berth in six years, Mikhail D. Prokhorov celebrated with the verbal equivalent of a Champagne shower.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Of course I&#x2019;m pleased the Nets have made the playoffs, but I can&#x2019;t say I&#x2019;m surprised,&#x201D; Prokhorov, the Nets&#x2019; colorful owner, said in a statement on
doc_id: 1708
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASKETBALL; Hofstra Fires Coach
The Liberty have added four former players to the coaching staff, hiring Barbara Farris and Taj McWilliams-Franklin as assistants and Teresa Weatherspoon and Tamika Whitmore as associate coaches for training camp and various times during the season. SPORTS BRIEFING | BASKETBALL
doc_id: 1709
MIDWEST REGION; A Lifelong Colorado State Fan, From Horns to Tail
LEXINGTON, Ky. &#x2014; At the Stank family home in Greeley, Colo., there is a picture of a 6-month-old Justin lodged in the mouth of a bulldog.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;It&#x2019;s pretty funny,&#x201D; said his mother, Zoe. It was not a real bulldog, just the Fresno State mascot. But the snapshot serves as photographic evidence of a lifelong allegiance
doc_id: 1710
CROATIA 2, SERBIA 0; Amid &#x2018;Kill&#x2019; Chants, a Peaceful Example Is Set
ZAGREB, Croatia &#x2014; For all the talk of conciliation, for all the pleas for tolerance before the game and for all the statements from players and coaches that the war should take a back seat to the soccer, the crowd at the Maksimir Stadium in Zagreb found it harder to forget and forgive on Friday. &#xa; &#xa;As the players of the Croatia and
doc_id: 1711
OFF THE DRIBBLE; Williams&#x2019;s Star Shone In Knicks Guard Tandem
Ray Williams and Micheal Ray Richardson parted ways years ago, not by choice, and in Richardson&#x2019;s mind, much too soon.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;If only we could have stayed together a little longer, until maybe we were both a little wiser,&#x201D; Richardson said after learning that Williams, his once-upon-a-time backcourt partner with the Knicks ,
doc_id: 1712
THE QUAD; Hofstra Fires Coach
After a 7-25 season and a litany of player arrests, Hofstra fired its men&#x2019;s basketball coach, Mo Cassara, on Friday morning after three seasons.&#xa; &#xa;The Pride suspended four players in November after they were arrested for burglarizing campus dormitories . At the time, Cassara said he was &#x201C;heartbroken&#x201D; and vowed to clean
doc_id: 1713
Mets&#x2019; Latest Weapon, So They Hope
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; The mysterious apparatus sits high above the home plate seats at Tradition Field, the spring training home of the Mets . Dark, glossy and rectangular, it resembles an expensive flat-screen television.&#xa; &#xa;The first indication of its significance might be how unwilling the Mets are to speak about it. Beyond
doc_id: 1714
KNICKS 99, RAPTORS 94; Anthony&#x2019;s 37 Points Help Knicks Secure a Playoff Berth
TORONTO &#x2014; It was little more than a week ago that a doctor stuck a needle in the back of Carmelo Anthony &#x2019;s stiff right knee and drained the fluid that had dampened his game. It was only days ago that Anthony returned, gingerly, to the Knicks &#x2019; lineup, his knee still a source of curiosity and concern.&#xa; &#xa;None of that
doc_id: 1715
First Visor Wearer Remains Advocate
For a true advocate of mandatory visor use in the N.H.L., talk to a hockey player who lost an eye playing the game.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Yeah, I think visors should be mandatory, and right away,&#x201D; said Greg Neeld, who lost his left eye to a high stick as an 18-year-old junior defenseman in 1973 and later developed the first helmet visor.
doc_id: 1716
MIDWEST REGION; Eager Rebounder From Iran Powers Oregon With Double-Doubles
SAN JOSE, Calif. &#x2014; Arsalan Kazemi&#x2019;s father owns a candy factory, churning out gaz, a nougat-and-pistachio concoction that visitors to Esfahan, Iran , buy as a souvenir. When Kazemi comes home in the summer, for just a week or so, his father gives him some to bring back to the United States. &#xa; &#xa;His Oregon teammates said they
doc_id: 1717
MEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; Kansas Survives Against 16th Seed; La Salle Upsets Kansas State
KANSAS CITY, Mo. &#x2014; The 7-footer Jeff Withey&#x2019;s shot-blocking and inside scoring in the second half Friday enabled Kansas to hold off Western Kentucky, 64-57, and avoid the upset of upsets as the first No. 1 seed to lose to a No. 16 in the men&#x2019;s N.C.A.A. tournament.&#xa; &#xa;The Hilltoppers led by 31-30 at halftime, but Withey
doc_id: 1718
SPORTS BRIEFING | WINTER SPORTS; Ross Wins a U.S. Ski Title
Laurenne Ross won the super G in the United States Alpine championships in Squaw Valley, Calif., by 0.01 of a second over Stacey Cook, for her first national title. The defending champion Julia Mancuso was third, 0.08 behind Ross. Travis Ganong won the men&#x2019;s race by 0.20 of a second on his home course. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; In an event held in
doc_id: 1719
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; A Withdrawal and an Upset
With an ankle injury forcing the two-time champion Victoria Azarenka to withdraw from the Sony Open in Key Biscayne, Fla., on Friday, Lauren Davis quickly went from lucky loser to lucky winner. Given a spot in the draw because Azarenka pulled out, Davis took advantage of shaky play by Madison Keys in the decisive tiebreaker to win their
doc_id: 1720
THE FIFTH DOWN; Ravens to Open on the Road
The Baltimore Ravens, the defending Super Bowl champions, will open the season on the road because the N.F.L. and Major League Baseball could not work out a scheduling conflict with the Baltimore Orioles.&#xa; &#xa;Since 2004, the N.F.L. has staged its season opener &#x2013; along with concerts and other festivities &#x2013; at the home of the
doc_id: 1721
Sports Briefing | Golf
Hal Sutton, Steve Elkington, Corey Pavin and Roger Chapman shot three-under 69s in light rain to share the first-round lead in the Champions Tour&#x2019;s Mississippi Gulf Resort Classic in Saucier.
doc_id: 1722
BATS; Three Lines, One Big Error
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; Jay Horwitz, the Mets&#x2019; public relations director got into some hot water with fans this week because of something he posted on his new Twitter account.&#xa; &#xa;The fuss started Wednesday, when Horwitz, from his account @Jay_HorwitzPR, tweeted, &#x201C;His nickname is &#x2018;Sweet Music.&#x2019; He starred at
doc_id: 1723
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Heat Shake Off Another Slow Start to Beat Detroit, Running Streak to 25 Games
Another game, another double-digit rally for the Miami Heat .&#xa; &#xa;And another win. LeBron James scored 29 points, Dwyane Wade added 19, and the Heat extended their winning streak to 25 games by pulling away in the second half and beating the visiting Detroit Pistons , 103-89, on Friday night. Miami shook off yet another slow start to move
doc_id: 1724
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; London Olympic Arena Gets Team
The English Premier League club West Ham will move into London&#x2019;s Olympic Stadium, ending drawn-out negotiations over the future of the $783 million site, which hosted the opening and closing ceremonies. Under the 99-year deal, West Ham will move from Upton Park to the Olympic arena in 2016. &#xB6; The Red Bulls have signed the two-time
doc_id: 1725
Antidoping Suit Cites Six Linked to Florida Clinic
In its continuing fight to thwart the use of performance-enhancing drugs, Major League Baseball took the unusual step Friday of filing a lawsuit in Florida state court, accusing six people connected to a South Florida anti-aging clinic of damaging the sport by providing various players with prohibited substances.&#xa; &#xa;The suit is one of the
doc_id: 1726
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; Penguins Top Isles, Extending Run
Tomas Vokoun made 33 saves and Brandon Sutter snapped a tie early in the third period for the Pittsburgh Penguins, who rallied for a 4-2 victory over the host Islanders that stretched their winning streak to 11 games.&#xa; &#xa;&#xA0;&#xB6; Nick Foligno scored twice in a club-record 51 seconds and the host Columbus Blue Jackets scored three goals
doc_id: 1727
BATS; D.L. Looks Likely For Santana
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla &#x2014; Johan Santana will continue conditioning his arm at the Mets&#x2019; spring training facility here when the rest of his teammates depart for New York at the end of the month, Manager Terry Collins said Friday.&#xa; &#xa;Although Collins said he was not ready to comment on whether Santana, 33, would be placed on the
doc_id: 1728
UNITED STATES 1, COSTA RICA 0; Wintry Weather and U.S. Soccer Team Throw Blanket Over Costa Rica
COMMERCE CITY, Colo. &#x2014; The temperatures were freezing. The winds were battering. The snow was coming down sideways.&#xa; &#xa;Jurgen Klinsmann certainly did not care. At the end of a difficult week and with a daunting trip to Mexico City looming on Tuesday, Klinsmann, the United States coach, who grew up in Germany but now lives in sunny
doc_id: 1729
EAST REGION; A Carefully Managed Career That Included a Hiatus
DAYTON, Ohio &#x2014; It would not be much of a stretch to consider Kevin Ferrell Jr. the most anticipated recruit in the history of Indiana basketball, one that Hoosiers fans had envisioned leading their team into the N.C.A.A. tournament since 2002, when he was rated the No. 1 fourth grader in the country.&#xa; &#xa;That Ferrell, who goes by the
doc_id: 1730
EAST REGION; Davidson Grants Marquette Last-Second Reprieve
LEXINGTON, Ky. &#x2014; When it was over Thursday night, after 39 bracket-busting minutes and one of pure mayhem, the Davidson Wildcats sat on their chairs, as if unwilling &#x2014; or, perhaps, unable &#x2014; to move. It was still all too fresh for them, how defeat was snatched from the jaws of victory, another monumental upset in the N.C.A.A.
doc_id: 1731
WEST REGION; Big Talk and Large Hair For Colorful Opponents
KANSAS CITY, Mo. &#x2014; Even before the Marshall Henderson Traveling Salvation Show rolled into the Sprint Center on Thursday, Henderson, Mississippi&#x2019;s shooting guard/provocateur, pulled innocent bystanders into his uncomfortable orbit via Twitter. &#xa; &#xa;In the last few days, Henderson insulted the National Invitation Tournament
doc_id: 1732
BATS; Wright, The Captain
David Wright has long been seen as the de facto leader of the Mets. He began his professional career as a member the organization, rose to stardom playing third base for the club and is the longest-tenured player on the current roster.&#xa; &#xa;The Mets made things official Thursday, naming Wright the fourth captain of the franchise. Wright, 30,
doc_id: 1733
MIDWEST REGION; For Albany, an Australian Pipeline to the Tournament
PHILADELPHIA &#x2014; Shortly after the N.C.A.A tournament brackets were announced Sunday, Sam Rowley learned that his parents and his 19-year-old brother were working the phones to book flights so they could watch Albany&#x2019;s opening game here Friday afternoon.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;To be honest, I couldn&#x2019;t really believe they were doing
doc_id: 1734
SOUTH REGION; Frenetic Northwestern St. Has Designs on an Upset
AUSTIN, Tex. &#x2014; For a window into Northwestern State&#x2019;s soul, look at Coach Mike McConathy as a player. He was a high school star in Bossier Parish, La., and was such a potent scorer at Louisiana Tech that his name remains scattered throughout the university record book.&#xa; &#xa;Asked how he would describe his playing style back in
doc_id: 1735
BATS; Niese Gets Opener
Jon Niese will start the Mets&#x2019; season opener against the San Diego Padres on April 1. The role was handed to Johan Santana at the start of camp, but Santana has not pitched a single game during spring training because of shoulder fatigue.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;We feel very, very confident that he&#x2019;s the right guy to start this off,&#x201D;
doc_id: 1736
SLAP SHOT; Sather Has Operation for Cancer
Glen Sather, the Rangers&#x2019; president and general manager, had surgery to treat prostate cancer on Thursday at Weill-Cornell Medical Center in New York and was expected to be off the job for a few days.&#xa; &#xa;With the April 3 trade deadline approaching, his duties are being handled by Jeff Gorton, the assistant general manager, who
doc_id: 1737
PANTHERS 3, RANGERS 1; Opportunity Knocks, but Rangers Wave It Away
The Rangers , the lowest-scoring team in the Eastern Conference, figured to get a boost by playing the last-place Florida Panthers , whose defense is the worst in the league and who were missing nine regulars to injury. &#xa; &#xa;But instead of fattening their scoring totals, the Rangers ended their two-game winning streak with a thud, 3-1, amid a
doc_id: 1738
Baseball Is Said to Be Suing People Linked to Florida Clinic
Limited by their inability to compel people to cooperate with their investigators, Major League Baseball officials will open a new front in their battle against doping. They plan to file a lawsuit on Friday against a number of people connected to a South Florida anti-aging clinic, alleging that the individuals damaged the sport by providing some of
doc_id: 1739
A Sort-of Happy Birthday
Anyone doing a YouTube search for Jason Kidd highlights, sampling the dozens and dozens of videos that pop up, will get a crash course in just how much of a visionary Kidd has been in his nearly two decades in the N.B.A.&#xa; &#xa;The clips show Kidd making the correct play. Or the unbelievable play. Or the unthinkable play. The difficult
doc_id: 1740
Ducks Emerging From Blackhawks&#x2019; Shadow
ANAHEIM, Calif. &#x2014; As the Anaheim Ducks prepared to face the N.H.L.&#x2019;s best team, their captain, Ryan Getzlaf, said he had the flu. &#xa; &#xa;He tried skating at practice Wednesday morning and lasted only five minutes. But about 12 hours later, in front of the largest home crowd in Ducks history, Getzlaf proved vital in a 4-2 win over
doc_id: 1741
SPORTS BRIEFING | SKIING; Mancuso Earns 16th U.S. Title
Julia Mancuso raced to her record 16th title in the United States Alpine championships, winning the giant slalom in Squaw Valley, Calif. Mancuso beat the World Cup slalom champion Mikaela Shiffrin by 0.88 of a second in the opening event of the four-day competition. Tim Jitloff won the men&#x2019;s giant slalom. SPORTS BRIEFING | SKIING
doc_id: 1742
WEST REGION: GONZAGA 64, SOUTHERN 58; Lots of Food, Little Sleep, And Hope
SALT LAKE CITY &#x2014; Twenty-four hours with the Southern University Jaguars, a full day in the life of a No. 16 seed at the N.C.A.A. tournament, included meetings, film review, a walk-through with an apple in place of a basketball, speeches, music, chess, backward cuff links, forgotten spandex, &#x201C;Law &#x26; Order&#x201D; and platters of
doc_id: 1743
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Giants Re-Sign Carr as Backup
The Giants announced they had re-signed David Carr, who was a free agent, to back up quarterback Eli Manning . Carr, the 2002 No. 1 overall pick in the N.F.L. draft, has been Manning&#x2019;s backup in four of the last five seasons. Carr has played in 11 games for the Giants, completing 32 of 48 passes for 359 yards and 3 touchdowns. SPORTS
doc_id: 1744
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Blazers Sweep Series With Bulls
LaMarcus Aldridge scored 28 points and the Portland Trail Blazers completed a two-game season sweep of the host Chicago Bulls with a 99-89 victory. Portland won a season series against the Bulls for the first time since the 2008-9 season. SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL
doc_id: 1745
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Rose Leads; Woods Is 4 Back
Justin Rose put on a clinic with the putter and ran off four straight birdies late in his round for a seven-under 65, giving him a two-shot lead after the opening round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Orlando, Fla.&#xa; &#xa; Tiger Woods made enough key par saves and manhandled the par 5s to scratch out a 69, a reasonable start as he tries to
doc_id: 1746
BATS; Grapefruit League for Jeter Ends on Technicality
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Derek Jeter&#x2019;s availability for the Yankees&#x2019; season opener on April 1 is still a question mark. But General Manager Brian Cashman said with an exclamation point Thursday that Jeter would not see any more action in major league spring training games.&#xa; &#xa;Any playing time that Jeter might see between now and
doc_id: 1747
WEST REGION; In Day&#x2019;s Biggest Surprise, Harvard Beats No. 3 Seed New Mexico
SALT LAKE CITY &#x2014; There was Harvard , in its second-consecutive N.C.A.A. tournament, after a stretch without an appearance from 1947 until last season. Now, all Harvard needed was a win.&#xa; &#xa;Despite the loss of two of its better players before the season to a widespread academic scandal, despite an Ivy League season that came down to
doc_id: 1748
U.S. Coach Faces Critics As Players Face a Test
DENVER &#x2014; The schedule leading up to an in-season international soccer match almost always feels quick. &#xa; &#xa;Players fly in from the cities where they play for their club teams. There are a few short training sessions, a tactics meeting or two and then the game. Then everyone leaves. It is by necessity a compressed routine, but for
doc_id: 1749
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; Top-Ranked Williams Romps
Serena Williams , playing in her first tournament since she regained the No. 1 ranking, routed Flavia Pennetta, 6-1, 6-1, in the second round of the Sony Open in Key Biscayne, Fla. Sloane Stephens beat Olga Govortsova, 0-6, 6-4, 6-4. Stephens, at No. 16, is the highest-ranked American after Williams. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; The former tennis star
doc_id: 1750
Seeking 90 Minutes of Peace
ZAGREB, Croatia &#x2014; The visiting team&#x2019;s fans have been barred from attending the World Cup qualifying match Friday between host Croatia and Serbia, a security measure the sport&#x2019;s officials deemed necessary for the first soccer game between the countries since the violent dissolution of Yugoslavia. The match at Maksimir Stadium
doc_id: 1751
West, Former Lakers Star, Roots for the Heat, but Not Too Hard
Jerry West watched the Miami Heat&#x2019;s incredible comeback Wednesday night, watched them obliterate a 27-point deficit, watched them take another step toward history &#x2014; West&#x2019;s history &#x2014; and marveled at the sight.&#xa; &#xa;That thrilling, 98-95 victory in Cleveland was the Heat&#x2019;s 24th in a row, leaving them 9 shy of
doc_id: 1752
LEADING OFF; You Won&#x2019;t Win, but the Heat Probably Will
It is officially underdog day (Part 1), when America is united in rooting for a bunch of guys we have never heard of toiling for a university we cannot find on a map, the only acceptable exception being when that bunch of guys can totally ruin your bracket. (And even then, expect office ridicule if you start rooting loudly for Duke.) Because we are
doc_id: 1753
Sports Briefing | Pro Football
Left tackle Branden Albert has signed his franchise tender two weeks after the Chiefs placed their franchise tag on him. He will make $9.828 million under the one-year contract.
doc_id: 1754
N.C.A.A. TOURNAMENT: MEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; Pac-12, a Dismissed Conference, Does Some Dismissing of Its Own
SAN JOSE, Calif. &#x2014; First Oregon, then California. Just like that, men&#x2019;s basketball in the Pacific-12 Conference does not seem so measly after all. &#xa; &#xa;Handed No. 12 seeds, but sent to the same site to open the N.C.A.A. tournament, Oregon and Cal provided back-to-back upsets of fifth-seeded opponents Thursday to advance to the
doc_id: 1755
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; Brodeur, Back From Injury, Scores
Martin Brodeur scored his third career goal and made 17 saves in his first game in a month, leading the Devils to a 4-1 victory over the host Carolina Hurricanes on Thursday night. Brodeur had been out since Feb. 21 with a pinched nerve in his upper back and neck. The Devils went 3-8-2 in his absence.&#xa; &#xa;Brodeur got credit for the
doc_id: 1756
U.S. Open Increases Payout To Players
In response to players&#x2019; complaints about prize money and the tournament schedule, United States Open officials announced a huge increase in the overall payout to players and will permanently give the men&#x2019;s players a Sunday final and a day of rest after the semifinals, starting in 2015.&#xa; &#xa;The news came after a series of
doc_id: 1757
THE QUAD; Lobos Give Alford A Raise
SALT LAKE CITY &#x2014; Before New Mexico began its N.C.A.A. tournament practice Wednesday, in preparation for its West Region game against Harvard, Coach Steve Alford got a raise. Some job security as well.&#xa; &#xa;The university announced a new 10-year contract that would bring Alford up around $2 million each season when base salary,
doc_id: 1758
Known for 3-Point Prowess, Underdog Expands Its Attack
SALT LAKE CITY &#x2014; Rick Byrd became the basketball coach at Belmont in 1986, the same year the N.C.A.A. universally put in the 3-point line. Byrd considered himself a basketball purist, and still does. Initially, he did not care for the new rule or the strange arc.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;If they were going to do that, I thought, why don&#x2019;t
doc_id: 1759
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Bonus for Bengals Rookie
The rookie Bengals linebacker Vontaze Burfict earned the most money in the N.F.L.&#x2019;s performance-based pay program. The program compensates players for playing time that far exceeds their salary levels. More than $110.7 million will be distributed to players for the 2012 season, with Burfict, an undrafted free agent from Arizona State,
doc_id: 1760
NETS 113, MAVERICKS 96; Nets Score And Talk Like Team On Mission
DALLAS &#x2014; Brook Lopez, the Nets &#x2019; often overlooked 7-foot center, stroked a shot in the third quarter, holding his pose an extra second, as if he knew Wednesday night would be special.&#xa; &#xa;Deron Williams, the team&#x2019;s mercurial guard, marveled at how perfect his shot felt in the second half. And after Coach P. J. Carlesimo
doc_id: 1761
BATS; Mets&#x27; Wright Still Struggling
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; David Wright of the Mets was prescribed five days of rest and treatment Friday when he was diagnosed with a strained intercostal muscle in his left rib cage. Five days have passed, and Wright still cannot do much more than rest and receive treatment.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;It&#x2019;s getting better,&#x201D; Wright said
doc_id: 1762
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY
Devin Setoguchi had two goals, Niklas Backstrom made 36 saves and the Minnesota Wild beat the host Detroit Red Wings, 4-2, for their fourth straight win.&#xa; &#xa;Nazem Kadri had three assists as the host Toronto Maple Leafs snapped a five-game winless skid with a 4-2 win over the Tampa Bay Lightning.
doc_id: 1763
Emphasizing Safety, N.F.L. Passes Rule on Helmet Hits
PHOENIX &#x2014; Tom Coughlin has pulled players aside during games to remind them not to lower their heads when they strike a blow.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Be careful,&#x201D; Coughlin has told players. &#x201C;Do you know where your head was?&#x201D; On Wednesday, N.F.L. owners passed a rule by a vote of 31 to 1 that will enforce Coughlin&#x2019;s
doc_id: 1764
The Missing Piece
Landon Donovan&#x2019;s self-imposed exile from soccer has often been described as unprecedented or unusual, but this is hardly true. There is a rich and compelling history of surprising celebrity sabbaticals, with a wide variety of outcomes.&#xa; &#xa;Some stars return from their time off to tremendous success (Bob Dylan, the director Terrence
doc_id: 1765
THE QUAD; Syracuse Arrives Amid Reports of an Inquiry
SAN JOSE, Calif. &#x2014; Syracuse Coach Jim Boeheim played down the latest reports about investigations into his basketball program, suggesting that there was nothing new to revelations on Wednesday, the day before the Orange&#x2019;s N.C.A.A. tournament opener against Montana.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Same story they had last year at this time,&#x201D;
doc_id: 1766
Runner Is Identified
The runner who collapsed and died in Sunday&#x2019;s New York City Half, a 13.1-mile run around Manhattan, has been identified as John Tanner, 46, of Marlborough, Mass. He had a heart attack about 9:10 a.m. just past the race&#x2019;s 12-mile marker, the police said.&#xa; &#xa;The 14,600 runners who started this year&#x2019;s event contended with
doc_id: 1767
Now a Coach, Drew Aims to Take Valparaiso on Another N.C.A.A. Run
AUBURN HILLS, Mich. &#x2014; About 400 students and fans gathered Sunday at the Valparaiso student union to see which giant the Crusaders would play this March. Projection screens were set up in ballrooms. The N.C.A.A. tournament selection show was on.&#xa; &#xa;The basketball team was there, and so was Coach Bryce Drew. Everyone erupted when it
doc_id: 1768
SLAP SHOT; Kreider Gets Another Chance at Sticking with Rangers
Chris Kreider, the Rangers&#x2019; rookie forward, will get a third try at sticking with the team this season after being recalled from the American Hockey League Wednesday. Kreider scored six goals in eight games for Connecticut, the Rangers&#x2019; A.H.L. affiliate, since his latest demotion on Feb. 28.&#xa; &#xa;To make room for Kreider, the
doc_id: 1769
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Down by 27, Heat Rally For 24th Straight Victory
Miami&#x2019;s winning streak was in danger of disappearing &#x2014; in the most unimaginable setting.&#xa; &#xa; LeBron James would not give up. &#x201C;That guy right there doesn&#x2019;t want to lose in this building,&#x201D; his teammate Dwyane Wade said, nodding toward James. &#x201C;Not tonight.&#x201D; James scored 25 points as the visiting
doc_id: 1770
SLAP SHOT; Devils Activate Brodeur
NEWARK &#x2013; Goalie Martin Brodeur, whose monthlong absence triggered a tumble in the standings that has the Devils in danger of missing the playoffs, is expected to rejoin the lineup for Thursday night&#x2019;s game at the Carolina Hurricanes.&#xa; &#xa;Brodeur, 40, had been slowed by&#xA0;a pinched nerve in his back. He was activated Wednesday
doc_id: 1771
Manning Open to Redoing His Deal to Keep Cruz
Eli Manning compiled roughly a quarter of his 3,948 passing yards last season on completions to Victor Cruz. Manning tossed 10 of his 26 touchdown passes to the salsa-dancing Cruz, too. Now, as Cruz&#x2019;s status with the Giants remains at a contractual impasse, Manning has said he would be willing to sacrifice to keep Cruz as one of his top
doc_id: 1772
BATS; A Pair Of Aces
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Away from the spotlight that is always there when the Yankees play the Red Sox, even if it is a spring training game, the team&#x2019;s former and current pitching aces toiled under watchful eyes at the Yankees&#x2019; minor league training center Wednesday.&#xa; &#xa;The former was Chien-Ming Wang; and the latter C. C.
doc_id: 1773
Urlacher Era Fades Away In Chicago
CHICAGO (AP) &#x2014; The Chicago Bears are parting ways with the veteran linebacker Brian Urlacher after 13 years.&#xa; &#xa;General Manager Phil Emery said Wednesday that the team could not agree on a contract with Urlacher, for years the face &#x2014; and the heart &#x2014; of the franchise. He is now a free agent after missing the last four
doc_id: 1774
KNICKS 106, MAGIC 94; The Knicks&#x2019; World Looks Brighter After Anthony Returns
For the first time in three weeks, Carmelo Anthony left a basketball court with his head up, his right knee nimble, his smile bright and his team victorious. That was all the Knicks could have asked for Wednesday night, after a frightful month of diagnostic tests and doctor visits that ravaged the roster.&#xa; &#xa;Anthony returned to the court and
doc_id: 1775
Fab Five, All Family
SAN JOSE, Calif. &#x2014; If the N.C.A.A. held a coed basketball tournament of families &#x2014; your five against their five, all the way through the bracket &#x2014; the Tinkles of Missoula, Mont., would be the runaway favorite, seeded first over all.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;We&#x2019;re pretty solid all around, one through five,&#x201D; Joslyn Tinkle
doc_id: 1776
BATS; Roundup
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Kevin Youkilis knows what it is like to passionately root for a sports team. A native of Cincinnati, he has been a lifelong Bengals fan.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I don&#x2019;t care if a guy played for the Steelers,&#x201D; he said. &#x201C;I don&#x2019;t care if he played for the Browns or the Ravens. Once he becomes a Bengal, I root
doc_id: 1777
Men&#x27;s Roundup
JAMES MADISON 68, L.I.U. 55 A. J. Davis, who stepped in as a starter because James Madison&#x2019;s leading scorer was suspended for a half, led the way with 20 points as the Dukes beat L.I.U. Brooklyn in the opening round of the N.C.A.A. tournament in Dayton, Ohio. The Dukes (21-14), who will play top-seeded Indiana on Friday night in Dayton, had
doc_id: 1778
Four Share a History: Nobody Believed in Us
LEXINGTON, Ky. &#x2014; The wily bracket-crafters on the N.C.A.A. tournament selection committee missed a chance to create a blissful sort of havoc at Rupp Arena on Thursday afternoon. If only they had also slotted the tournament sweethearts Gonzaga and Virginia Commonwealth and Valparaiso and, why not, Northwestern State in a pod already teeming
doc_id: 1779
LEADING OFF; For Kentucky, There&#x2019;s Always Last Year
North Carolina A&#x26;T won an N.C.A.A. tournament game for the first time on Tuesday, a 73-72 victory over 20-loss Liberty. (Make that 21-loss Liberty.) And in pro basketball, the Denver Nuggets won their 13th straight.&#xa; &#xa;But the biggest basketball news of the day was a loss: Kentucky, last year&#x2019;s national men&#x2019;s champion and
doc_id: 1780
Woods Is Smiling Now, And He Has Reasons
ORLANDO, Fla. &#x2014; In the fall of 2011, golf&#x2019;s peak cast a Mount Kilimanjaro-like shadow over Tiger Woods , who found himself in the deepest valley of his career. Roughly a year after losing his No. 1 world ranking to Lee Westwood, Woods had tumbled to No. 58, his downward momentum snowballing under the weight of injuries, a swing change
doc_id: 1781
BATS; Yankees Say Jeter May Not Be Ready for Opener
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; It&#x2019;s Derek Jeter, so people automatically assume he will exceed normal standards. But it is possible that not even Jeter will be able to make the Yankees&#x2019; opening day lineup less than sixth months after fracturing his left ankle and needing surgery to repair it.&#xa; &#xa;After complaining of stiffness Tuesday,
doc_id: 1782
Knicks&#x2019; Anthony Says He Is Ready to Return
GREENBURGH, N.Y. &#x2014; The Knicks slept in their own beds Tuesday night after being on the road for 10 days, the longest such stretch of the season. A brutal five-game western road trip, during which they were 1-4 and lost Carmelo Anthony , Tyson Chandler and Kurt Thomas to injury, is finally in the past.&#xa; &#xa;Anthony&#x2019;s nagging right
doc_id: 1783
Rebooted Big East Makes a Splash in Manhattan
The new Big East could not have chosen a more appropriate site for its launch party: the Manhattan headquarters of News Corporation. The conference&#x2019;s seed money &#x2014; and more &#x2014; is coming from Fox Sports 1, News Corporation&#x2019;s new sports network.&#xa; &#xa;So on Wednesday, in the Fox News channel studio where &#x201C;The
doc_id: 1784
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Penguins Extend Winning Streak To 10 Games
Defenseman Matt Niskanen scored the go-ahead goal in the third period, Sidney Crosby had two assists and the host Pittsburgh Penguins extended their winning streak to 10 games with a 2-1 victory over the Washington Capitals on Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;Niskanen&#x2019;s goal at 11 minutes 58 seconds came nine seconds after the Penguins killed a
doc_id: 1785
ON PRO BASKETBALL; Little Resistance on the Heat&#x2019;s Path
BOSTON &#x2014; LeBron James could not be slowed by the personal demons that once haunted him in the most hostile of N.B.A. arenas, or by the ghosts of famous Celtics past, or by a 43-point scorer suitably named Green.&#xa; &#xa;Who, then, will stop the King&#x2019;s run, much less his reign? Kyrie Irving-less Cleveland on Wednesday night?
doc_id: 1786
SPORTS BRIEFING | SPEEDSKATING; Braves Official Appointed
Mike Plant, an Atlanta Braves vice president, has been appointed president of the United States Speedskating board, taking a lead role in the troubled organization with the Winter Olympics less than a year away. Plant was a member of the 1980 United States Olympic speedskating team. U.S. Speedskating has been marked by accusations of abuse against
doc_id: 1787
BATS; Jeter, His Ankle Feeling Stiffer Than Usual, Is Removed From the Lineup
CLEARWATER, Fla. &#x2014; Derek Jeter described his mood as more frustrated than concerned, although the Yankees may feel otherwise. He complained Tuesday about more than the normal stiffness in his surgically repaired left ankle and was scratched from the starting lineup against the Philadelphia Phillies.&#xa; &#xa;Jeter fractured the ankle on
doc_id: 1788
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Red Bulls Sign Luyindula
The Red Bulls signed the former Paris St.-Germain forward P&#xE9;guy Luyindula. The Red Bulls said Luyindula, a Frenchman, would be added to the team&#x2019;s roster pending receipt of his visa. Luyindula, 32, had played with P.S.G. since 2007, scoring 37 goals in 179 games. SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER
doc_id: 1789
N.F.L. ROUNDUP; Ryan Tiptoes Around a Revis Question
PHOENIX &#x2014; Jets Coach Rex Ryan , speaking at the A.F.C. coaches&#x2019; breakfast on Tuesday, perhaps played a game of semantics when he said that the Jets are not actively trying to trade cornerback Darrelle Revis, even as he acknowledged that the team would listen to offers. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;If somebody calls, you&#x2019;re going to
doc_id: 1790
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC 3, PUERTO RICO 0; World-Class Pitching Carries Undefeated Dominicans to Title
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; Horns beeped through the chilly air Tuesday night, and flags flapped through the raindrops. At a ballpark with a statue of Juan Marichal out front, the Dominican Republic reached the pinnacle of international baseball competition.&#xa; &#xa;After failing to get to the final in either of the first two editions of the World
doc_id: 1791
BATS; StubHub Barred Near Yankee Stadium
The Yankees won a court order Tuesday temporarily preventing StubHub from opening a store near Yankee Stadium that is designed to allow customers to pick up their tickets before games.&#xa; &#xa;The decision came days before StubHub was set to open the store on East 161st Street on Friday. The Yankees argued that the store was within 1,500 feet of
doc_id: 1792
If Anyone Knows Storm Clouds, It&#x2019;s Hal Steinbrenner
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; On Oct. 17, in the hours before Game 4 of the American League Championship Series was scheduled to begin, a steady, gloomy rain fell on Detroit. Sitting in his hotel room, Hal Steinbrenner watched the downpour and frowned. And then his phone rang.&#xa; &#xa;It was Randy Levine , the Yankees &#x2019; president, and with the game
doc_id: 1793
Back in Connecticut, DiPietro Is Trying to Remain Positive
BRIDGEPORT, Conn. &#x2014; As the final buzzer sounded Sunday, Rick DiPietro looked toward the rafters, raised his gloved right hand in triumph and hugged his teammates.&#xa; &#xa;He was in Webster Bank Arena, not Nassau Coliseum. His teammates were Bridgeport Sound Tigers, not Islanders . He was in the American Hockey League, not the N.H.L. But
doc_id: 1794
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Big East Secures TV Deal
The soon-to-be-former Big East made one big component final Tuesday, announcing its broadcasting deal with ESPN. It still needs a name, a conference basketball tournament site, a revenue-sharing system and a 12th football member. The media contract for football, basketball and other sports runs through the 2019-20 season and pays about $20 million
doc_id: 1795
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Nuggets Beat Thunder
Ty Lawson scored 25 points, and the Denver Nuggets beat the Oklahoma City Thunder, 114-104, to win a 13th straight game for the first time since joining the N.B.A. The Nuggets trailed by one at halftime but took control in the third quarter. Denver became the first team this season to beat Oklahoma City three times. Oklahoma City lost at home for
doc_id: 1796
More Injuries for Knicks, But the News Isn&#x2019;t All Bad
The Knicks issued two more injury updates Tuesday, involving a bulging disk, a stress reaction and a stress fracture. In the context of this freakishly painful Knicks season, it practically qualified as a good-news report.&#xa; &#xa;The troublesome disk is in Tyson Chandler&#x2019;s neck, but the bulge was described as small and the recovery was
doc_id: 1797
LEADING OFF; A Streak That Doesn&#x2019;t Take the Spotlight
About the only thing you can fault the Miami Heat on these days is their lousy timing. Yes, the Heat&#x2019;s 23-game winning streak is one to behold, no matter the time of year and yes, it certainly is a reason to tune in to games when the regular season usually turns to unwatchable mush. But there is so much out there clamoring for fans&#x2019;
doc_id: 1798
RANGERS 3, DEVILS 2; With Both in Need of a Win, the Rangers Outplay the Devils
NEWARK &#x2014; Last spring the Rangers and the Devils stood at the pinnacle of the East, battling in the conference finals for a chance at the Stanley Cup. On Tuesday night they stood at a far more modest place &#x2014; along the playoff cut line &#x2014; battling to salvage what has been a mediocre season for both teams.&#xa; &#xa;Rick
doc_id: 1799
SPORTS BRIEFING | FOOTBALL; Giants Sign a Receiver
With their leading receiver Victor Cruz still unsigned, the Giants confirmed that they had signed Louis Murphy, a speedy receiver who played with Carolina last season. Murphy has 115 receptions for 1,707 yards and 7 touchdowns in four seasons, including 25 catches with the Panthers in 2012.&#xa; &#xa;Murphy was Oakland&#x2019;s fourth-round draft
doc_id: 1800
Michigan State&#x2019;s Toughness Starts With Its Nonconference Schedule
CHICAGO &#x2014; Mark Montgomery never noticed this about Tom Izzo. Not that he could. Between playing for Michigan State when Izzo was an assistant, then serving as an Izzo assistant for 10 seasons until 2011, Montgomery had too much else going on to scrutinize Izzo&#x2019;s sideline mannerisms.&#xa; &#xa;Last Friday, Montgomery, now the coach at
doc_id: 1801
MEN&#x27;S ROUNDUP; Kentucky Crashes Out of N.I.T., Completing Bitter Fall Since National Title
Mike McFadden made two free throws with 8.7 seconds remaining and Robert Morris shocked the defending national champion Kentucky, 59-57, on Tuesday night in the opening round of the National Invitation Tournament.&#xa; &#xa;The Wildcats decided not to call timeout after the second free throw, but Kyle Wiltjer&#x2019;s 3-pointer before the buzzer
doc_id: 1802
Swirls of Stain
LAS VEGAS &#x2014; The basketball court at the Mountain West Conference tournament was like no other, impossible to ignore, which is exactly the point. Stained in at least four hues of brown, it featured deep contrasts of arcs and boxes and jags, including a range of snow-capped peaks stretching the length of the floor .&#xa; &#xa;It was part
doc_id: 1803
Praising Griner Proves Far Easier Than Stopping Her
WACO, Tex. &#x2014; Just in case anyone doubted Baylor&#x2019;s confident intent to reach the women&#x2019;s Final Four in New Orleans, Coach Kim Mulkey wore a fleur-de-lis on her T-shirt as she watched the tournament pairings, while some fans wore Mardi Gras beads and sang, &#x201C;When the Saints Go Marching In.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;There is every
doc_id: 1804
BATS; Hughes Works Off Mound
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Tucked away in the corner of the Yankees&#x2019; minor league facility, on a day off for the team, three players who are key to the Yankees&#x2019; hopes this season toiled in relative obscurity Monday.&#xa; &#xa;Mariano Rivera, Andy Pettitte and Phil Hughes all got work in Monday, but perhaps the Yankees were more fixed on
doc_id: 1805
Calendar Changes
Goodell said the league is awaiting feedback from players about altering the off-season calendar to push the Scouting Combine, free agency and the draft later into the off-season. Players are likely to resist moving free agency back.
doc_id: 1806
New Jersey to Allow Casinos to Offer Daily Fantasy Sports
With its plan to legalize sports gambling held up in the courts, New Jersey is allowing casinos to offer daily fantasy sports games as an alternative.&#xa; &#xa;The state&#x2019;s Division of Gaming Enforcement published&#xA0;regulations&#xA0;Monday establishing standards for&#xA0;casinos to&#xA0;offer fantasy sports tournaments for money, starting
doc_id: 1807
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Jets Sign a Pass Rusher
The Jets bolstered their pass rush Monday by signing outside linebacker Antwan Barnes to a three-year contract.&#xa; &#xa;Barnes had 11 sacks in 2011 for the San Diego Chargers. His strength is as an edge rusher in passing situations, but the Jets&#x2019; lack of depth on the outside could give him a chance to start. Barnes, 28, played for two
doc_id: 1808
The Rebels&#x2019; Loose Cannon
Steve Green had seen it all before. The hand gestures. The histrionics. The nonstop conversation Marshall Henderson was having with himself.&#xa; &#xa;Henderson was in the process of leading Mississippi to a Southeastern Conference tournament championship over Florida on Sunday, and Green, his former junior college coach, was watching the drama
doc_id: 1809
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL; Bynum&#x2019;s Season Is Over
Philadelphia 76ers center Andrew Bynum was set for season-ending arthroscopic surgery on both knees Tuesday. Bynum, 25, has not played this season because of bone bruises. SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO BASKETBALL
doc_id: 1810
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; U.S. Is Thin on Defense
The United States is heading into two World Cup qualifiers without much experience on defense.&#xa; &#xa;Coach Jurgen Klinsmann will start goalkeeper Brad Guzan in place of the injured Tim Howard, then choose defenders from a group of six players who have made 12 appearances combined in World Cup qualifiers. The defensive mainstay Carlos Bocanegra
doc_id: 1811
NETS 119, PISTONS 82; Nets Look Impressive In First Stop Of Their Trip
AUBURN HILLS, MICH. &#x2014; The Nets began their longest trip of the season &#x2014; 13 days away from home, which will most likely fall between a fascinating footnote and a season-defining stretch &#x2014; by doing something they have routinely done all season: win against a mediocre team.&#xa; &#xa;But for a team that tends to make the simple
doc_id: 1812
New Concussion Guidelines Stress Individual Treatment
The American Academy of Neurology said Monday that it had revised its guidelines for handling concussions to emphasize treating athletes case by case rather than according to a predetermined scale.&#xa; &#xa;The move brings the group more in line with best practices followed by the N.F.L. and other leagues and associations, and it essentially
doc_id: 1813
N.F.L. ROUNDUP; In Rare Move for Secretive Team, Patriots&#x2019; Kraft Gives Details of Welker Talks
PHOENIX &#x2014; In a news conference that offered an unusual amount of detail from one of the N.F.L. &#x2019;s most tight-lipped organizations, the Patriots owner Robert K. Kraft said Monday that everyone in the organization wanted receiver Wes Welker to return. Welker signed a two-year contract with the Broncos last week for $6 million per year,
doc_id: 1814
United States Facing Two Qualifying Games With Thin Roster
When United States national team Coach Jurgen Klinsmann called in attacking threats like Jozy Altidore , Herculez Gomez and Clint Dempsey for his latest roster, it was surely done with the hope that the United States would be able to score often in its two coming World Cup qualifying matches. Given the injuries and illness that have racked
doc_id: 1815
Sports Briefing | Pro Football
The Tennessee Titans released the veteran quarterback Matt Hasselbeck after they could not work out an agreement trimming his $5.5 million salary for 2013.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xa; &#xa;The Cincinnati Bengals signed middle linebacker Rey Maualuga to a new contract. The Atlanta City Council voted, 11-4, to approve a financing plan to build a new
doc_id: 1816
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; Revenge for Blackhawks
Patrick Kane had a goal and two assists, helping the Chicago Blackhawks beat the host Colorado Avalanche , 5-2, in their first meeting since Colorado ended Chicago&#x2019;s record points streak.&#xa; &#xa;The Blackhawks, who were 21-0-3 before losing in Denver on March 8, have won three straight. &#xA0; SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY
doc_id: 1817
A Nascent Power Couple For Sports
With eerily similar announcements to a combined Facebook and Twitter audience of nearly 6.5 million, Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn confirmed Monday that they are dating, then asked for privacy because they want to live, in Woods&#x2019;s words, &#x201C;as an ordinary couple.&#x201D;&#xa; &#xa;Good luck with that. Woods and Vonn not only vault to the
doc_id: 1818
ON BASEBALL; Behind Plate, A Virtuoso For Puerto Rico
San Francisco&#xa; &#xa; Tony La Russa was beaming late Sunday under the stands behind home plate at AT&#x26;T Park. Moments before, Puerto Rico had advanced to the championship game of the World Baseball Classic, and Yadier Molina, La Russa&#x2019;s old catcher for the St. Louis Cardinals , had led them there. Molina had no hits. He tagged out no
doc_id: 1819
Injuries Leave Knicks With Odd Lineup
SALT LAKE CITY &#x2014; Through 64 games this season, Knicks Coach Mike Woodson never had to construct his starting lineup out of pure desperation. Woodson did for Monday&#x2019;s nationally televised game against the Utah Jazz .&#xa; &#xa;Woodson went with Raymond Felton, Pablo Prigioni, Iman Shumpert, Chris Copeland and Kenyon Martin &#x2014; a
doc_id: 1820
FIVETHIRTYEIGHT; On the Road to a Championship, the Journey Counts
Even before the N.C.A.A. men&#x2019;s basketball tournament bracket was announced on Sunday, there was plenty of discussion about how much parity there was in this year&#x2019;s field . The chatter only increased after Louisville, the No. 1 overall seed, was placed in a brutally tough Midwest region that also includes Duke and Michigan State.&#xa;
doc_id: 1821
RANGERS 2, HURRICANES 1 (SO); Rangers Manage to Break Losing Streak, if Not Their Scoring Struggles
Marc Staal watched from a Madison Square Garden luxury box, attending his first game since taking a puck near the right eye in a frightening accident March 5. Staal did not speak to reporters, but obviously liked what he saw &#x2014; a 2-1 shootout victory for the Rangers over the Carolina Hurricanes and his brothers Eric and Jordan on Monday
doc_id: 1822
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASEBALL; Padres&#x2019; Headley Injured
San Diego Padres third baseman Chase Headley will miss at least the first two weeks of the season after breaking the tip of his left thumb while sliding into second base Sunday.&#xa; &#xa;Headley hit .286 with 31 home runs and 115 runs batted in last year. SPORTS BRIEFING | BASEBALL
doc_id: 1823
ROUNDUP; Dominican Republic Reaches World Classic Final
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; No team has gone undefeated in a World Baseball Classic. The Japanese won it in 2006 and 2009 while losing three games the first time and two the second. Now, the Dominican Republic will take an unblemished record into the final game on Tuesday at AT&#x26;T Park.&#xa; &#xa;The Dominicans eliminated the Netherlands on Monday
doc_id: 1824
Can I Get a Higher Seed With That TV?
St. Louis navigated Virginia Commonwealth&#x2019;s full-court press well enough to win the Atlantic 10 Conference tournament title game Sunday afternoon at Barclays Center. It was after the game when the Billikens were slowed by what some might consider a more stressful situation &#x2014; fighting New York City traffic on the way to the
doc_id: 1825
Eight Seconds
FORT MYERS, Fla. &#x2014; The prime-time national television spotlight landed on the Florida Gulf Coast men&#x2019;s basketball team at 6:14 p.m. Sunday and lasted for about eight seconds, as the Eagles whooped and danced and waved towels in delirium.&#xa; &#xa;If professional bull riding is the most dangerous eight seconds in sports, then this, a
doc_id: 1826
Sports Briefing | Hockey
Goalie Martin Brodeur practiced with the Devils for the first time in nearly a month.
doc_id: 1827
In Women&#x2019;s Bracket, the Top Seeds Are the Same but Baylor Still Leads the Way
If the only remarkable element of the N.C.A.A. men&#x2019;s tournament bracket was its parity, the opposite is true for the women&#x2019;s bracket , revealed Monday, with all roads leading again to Baylor, the Goliath out of the Big 12 that has lost once in two seasons. &#xa; &#xa;The Bears (32-1), who won the title last season to cap a perfect
doc_id: 1828
HEAT 105, CELTICS 103; Celtics Give Heat All They Can Handle, But They Handle It
BOSTON &#x2014; They trailed by 17 in the first half. They trailed by 13 with eight-plus minutes to play. They were hit by an offensive explosion like none they had seen all season, not from Kevin Durant, Kobe Bryant or Carmelo Anthony.&#xa; &#xa;They were in a building where they had not won a regular-season game in nearly six years, playing their
doc_id: 1829
SPORTS BRIEFING | WINTER SPORTS; Maze Bounces Back to Win
Tina Maze of Slovenia rebounded from her World Cup slalom title loss to Mikaela Shiffrin by ending her season with a giant slalom win in Lenzerheide, Switzerland. The first-run leader, Tessa Worley of France, fell 0.35 of a second behind Maze&#x2019;s two-run time of 2 minutes 16.67 seconds. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Felix Neureuther of Germany, who limped
doc_id: 1830
CLIPPERS 93, KNICKS 80; Clippers Overpower Knicks, Whose Skid Reaches 4 Games
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; The easiest way to get embarrassed in the N.B.A. is to be dunked on, to challenge the opposing player as he rises up and tries to put you on his highlight reel. The Los Angeles Clippers are the best team in the league at making opponents look silly, to the point that their video clips go viral seemingly within minutes.&#xa;
doc_id: 1831
N.C.A.A. TOURNAMENT: EAST REGION; Keeping Miami Steady
There are more charismatic stars in the N.C.A.A. tournament, more compelling characters, louder and flashier. There are players who jump on scorers&#x2019; tables, and players who preen after dunks. Shane Larkin of Miami does none of that. He treats basketball like a chemistry exam, and he gets consistently high grades.&#xa; &#xa;A sophomore point
doc_id: 1832
COLLEGE BASKETBALL ROUNDUP; Ole Miss Wins, Eliminating Any N.C.A.A. Doubts
Murphy Holloway scored 23 points, and Mississippi gave Coach Andy Kennedy his first N.C.A.A. tournament berth by beating No. 13 Florida, 66-63, in Nashville on Sunday for the Southeastern Conference tournament championship.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;So much is made about the N.C.A.A. tournament,&#x201D; Kennedy said. &#x201C;I was just glad to get the
doc_id: 1833
HAWKS 105, NETS 93; With Chance to Firm Up Standing, Nets Stumble Against the Hawks
It will be April when the Nets next play on the sleek herringbone court of Barclays Center, and by then their game Sunday night against the Atlanta Hawks will linger as either a distant memory or a haunting omen. The Nets are good enough to have secured a solid footing in the Eastern Conference playoff race but too inconsistent to emerge as a
doc_id: 1834
THE FIFTH DOWN; Pondering a Revis Trade
PHOENIX &#x2014; Woody Johnson, the Jets&#x2019; owner, said for the first time Sunday night that if making his team better meant trading any player &#x2014; including cornerback Darrelle Revis &#x2014; he would listen to an offer. &#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;This is a chessboard, you have to move the pieces around,&#x201D; Johnson said the day before the
doc_id: 1835
ON BASEBALL; Kingdom of the Netherlands, The Epitome of the Classic
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; The goal of the World Baseball Classic has never been to prove which nation is best at baseball. This is not that kind of sport. Small samples can yield misleading conclusions. The validity of World Series results comes largely from the six-month grind just to get there.&#xa; &#xa;Hensley Meulens, the former Yankee known as
doc_id: 1836
N.C.A.A. TOURNAMENT: SOUTH REGION; Michigan&#x2019;s Go-To Man
In a lineup loaded with talent, point guard Trey Burke stands out as the unquestioned choice when Michigan needs a basket. Everyone knows it, too.&#xa; &#xa;In Minneapolis the day before the conference tournament, Minnesota Coach Tubby Smith discussed the Golden Gophers&#x2019; lack of a late-game scorer and cited two players who could be counted
doc_id: 1837
N.C.A.A. TOURNAMENT: WEST REGION; A Big Man Grows Up
Gonzaga has a long men&#x2019;s basketball tradition, more than a decade of consecutive N.C.A.A. tournament appearances, but this season the Bulldogs became one of the most unlikely teams to reach No. 1. And that was in large part because of their unlikely star.&#xa; &#xa;His name, once mispronounced regularly, is Kelly Olynyk (pronounced
doc_id: 1838
BATS; Wright Returns to Mets And Says Pain Is Easing
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; Boldface names swept through the Mets&#x2019; spring training complex Sunday, including Regis Philbin, whose ceremonial first pitch sent cellphone cameras aloft around Tradition Field, and third baseman David Wright, whose presence in the clubhouse after his return from the World Baseball Classic also caused a
doc_id: 1839
Bubbling Up
Of all the numbers in college basketball, No. 1 may be the most ubiquitous. You can find it on jerseys and foam hands and after victories when index fingers are shot skyward. You can hear it &#x2014; &#x201C;We&#x2019;re No. 1&#x201D; &#x2014; chanted on most nights.&#xa; &#xa;This year, though, No. 1 is dangerous. No. 1 is slippery. No. 1 has
doc_id: 1840
A Field With Everything Except an Obvious Favorite
A season of extraordinary upheaval in college basketball yielded an N.C.A.A. tournament field with few favorites, several more surprises and a landscape wide open for potential upsets. &#xa; &#xa;Louisville, winner of the Big East tournament, earned the top overall selection Sunday. But the Cardinals (29-5) appear far from a dominating force, the
doc_id: 1841
N.C.A.A. TOURNAMENT: MIDWEST REGION; All Hands on Deck
Louisville Coach Rick Pitino has his assistants chart deflections whenever his team takes the court, whether for practice or for games. The totals are collected and posted, and Pitino reinforces the message every day, every hour, practically every minute through the season: stay active on defense, keep your hands busy, knock the ball away. At
doc_id: 1842
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Giants Sign Myers as Free Agent
The Giants signed tight end Brandon Myers, who played four seasons with the Oakland Raiders, as a free agent. Last season, he started all 16 games with career highs of 79 receptions for 806 yards and 4 touchdowns. (AP) This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL
doc_id: 1843
Fastidious to the End, Boston University&#x2019;s Coach Closes In on Retirement
BOSTON &#x2014; The man at the wake for the father of the future Boston University hockey coach Jack Parker quietly approached Parker&#x2019;s mother to offer his condolences. He also offered something more: cash.&#xa; &#xa;The money, the man explained, came from a bet that the elder Parker had made on a horse named Arts and Letters in the 1969
doc_id: 1844
Kenyans Win in City&#x2019;s First Major Race Since Marathon Cancellation
Freezing temperatures and a dusting of snow Sunday did little to slow Wilson Kipsang, who ran away from a pack of elite runners to win the 13.1-mile New York City Half, the first major road race in the city since Hurricane Sandy led to the cancellation of the marathon in November. &#xa; &#xa;Kipsang, who won a bronze medal for Kenya last year in
doc_id: 1845
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; While Sliding Rangers Look Up in Standings, the Surging Penguins Look Down
After a trip that ended with three straight losses, the Rangers occupy 10th place in the Eastern Conference with only 21 games to play. They face two games in the next two nights from a perspective they have not seen in more than five years. &#xa; &#xa;For the first time since Jan. 31, 2008, the Rangers trail the Devils and the Islanders during the
doc_id: 1846
A Soft Landing for Nadal in His Return
INDIAN WELLS, Calif. &#x2014; Rafael Nadal &#x2019;s collapses on a court after winning championship points should not be surprising, given all his successes in past years and recent months. But after injuries had kept him off hardcourts for more than 11 months, his fall to the hardcourt surface at the BNP Paribas Open as a champion on Sunday did
doc_id: 1847
BATS; Teixeira to Be Sidelined Longer Than Expected
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; First baseman Mark Teixeira returned to the Yankees&#x2019; spring training complex Sunday morning, wearing a brace on his right wrist and delivering grim news. His injury was originally thought to be a sprain, but is a partly torn tendon sheath. He will most likely be out until June, and maybe longer, if he and the Yankees do
doc_id: 1848
As Kuroda Enters What Could Be His Final Season, Wells Is an Unlikely Guide
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; An unlikely friendship was forged in front of Hiroki Kuroda&#x2019;s locker Thursday morning when the quiet and clean-cut Kuroda invited the gregarious and tattooed David Wells to pull up a chair.&#xa; &#xa;Wells, a spring training instructor for the Yankees , was already speaking with Kuroda&#x2019;s neighbor, Andy Pettitte.
doc_id: 1849
SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING; Breakthrough at Bristol
Kasey Kahne won his first Nascar Sprint Cup Series race at Bristol Motor Speedway after Brad Keselowski struggled on the final restart Sunday in Bristol, Tenn. Keselowski was the leader on the final restart with 39 laps to go and lined up next to Kahne, but Kahne rocketed to the lead. &#xa; &#xa;Kyle Busch took second from Keselowski, who still
doc_id: 1850
Kentucky Tops The NIT Field
This season, Kentucky is headlining another tournament.&#xa; &#xa;The Wildcats, last season&#x2019;s national champions, will have to settle for trying to win the N.I.T. The Wildcats are not the only Southeastern Conference team passed over by the N.C.A.A. tournament selection committee. Alabama and Tennessee also missed the cut &#x2014; the first
doc_id: 1851
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; First Tour Title for Streelman
Kevin Streelman finally won on the PGA Tour, in his 153rd start, by playing the final 37 holes without a bogey and shooting a four-under-par 67 in the final round for a two-shot win over Boo Weekley in the Tampa Bay Championship in Palm Harbor, Fla. Weekley closed with a 63. SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF
doc_id: 1852
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Heat Equal League&#x2019;s Second-Best Streak at 22
The Miami Heat matched the second-longest winning streak in N.B.A. history, pulling away in the fourth quarter Sunday to beat the host Toronto Raptors for their 22nd consecutive victory.&#xa; &#xa;LeBron James had 22 points, 12 rebounds and 8 assists; Dwyane Wade added 24 points and 9 assists; and Ray Allen scored 16 of his 20 points in the fourth
doc_id: 1853
Lewis Rallies for Title and No. 1 Ranking
PHOENIX &#x2014; With three holes to play, Stacy Lewis&#x2019;s chances of passing Ai Miyazato at the L.P.G.A. Founders Cup and the world No. 1 Yani Tseng in the rankings looked slimmer than a 3-iron. &#xa; &#xa;Lewis was one stroke behind her playing partner, Miyazato, a former world No. 1 who was playing steady, if not spectacular, golf. But
doc_id: 1854
PUERTO RICO 3, JAPAN 1; Puerto Rico Ousts Champion and Nears a Title of Its Own
SAN FRANCISCO &#x2014; Alex Rios had not played here since the 2007 All-Star Game, when the American League manager, Jim Leyland, inserted him in right field in the bottom of the ninth inning. With the bases loaded in a one-run game, a fly ball settled into Rios&#x2019;s glove for the final out.&#xa; &#xa;That victory secured home-field advantage
doc_id: 1855
N.F.L. Is Pressured on Issues of Gay Rights
PHOENIX &#x2014; The N.F.L. &#x2019;s investigation into why a team employee asked a college player if he liked girls during last month&#x2019;s scouting combine has found that the comment was part of casual banter &#x2014; &#x201C;chatter that was inappropriate&#x201D; &#x2014; but not part of a formal interview process, said Robert Gulliver, the
doc_id: 1856
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Landmark Goal for Lampard
Frank Lampard scored his 200th goal for Chelsea , which beat visiting West Ham, 2-0, to move past Tottenham by a point into third place in the English Premier League . Tottenham lost at home to Fulham, 1-0. The American midfielder Clint Dempsey played for the first time since straining a calf Feb. 21, starting the second half. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6;
doc_id: 1857
COLLEGE BASKETBALL ROUNDUP; Wisconsin Topples Indiana to Reach the Big Ten Final
Ryan Evans scored 16 points, and No. 22 Wisconsin beat No. 3 Indiana, 68-56, on Saturday in the semifinals of the Big Ten tournament in Chicago.&#xa; &#xa;The top-seeded Hoosiers (27-6), who won the regular-season conference title, will have to wait to see if they did enough to earn a No. 1 seed for the N.C.A.A. tournament. The Badgers (23-10)
doc_id: 1858
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; 3-Way Tie at Tampa Bay
Kevin Streelman had a six-under-par 65 and was tied for the lead with Justin Leonard (67) and George Coetzee (68) at the Tampa Bay Championship in Palm Harbor, Fla. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Ai Miyazato pulled back in front in the L.P.G.A. Founders Cup in Phoenix, making three birdies in a four-hole stretch on the back nine to take a four-stroke lead over
doc_id: 1859
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Salute Draws Rebukes
AEK Athens midfielder Giorgos Katidis was rebuked by politicians, fellow athletes and fans after appearing to give a Nazi salute in celebration of a goal he scored in the Greek league. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Manchester United opened a 15-point lead in the Premier League, beating Reading, 1-0, on a Wayne Rooney goal as second-place Manchester City lost,
doc_id: 1860
For Nadal, Return To Form And Final
INDIAN WELLS, Calif. &#x2014; Although his nearly uninterrupted clay-court dominance has justifiably gotten most of the attention, Rafael Nadal has also been difficult to stop on the slow, gritty hardcourts in this desert community.&#xa; &#xa;In the first men&#x2019;s singles semifinal of the BNP Paribas Open on Saturday, the fifth-ranked Nadal
doc_id: 1861
Dieng Powers Cardinals&#x2019; Defense, and Their Big Comeback
Standing in the center circle for the opening tipoff of the last tournament of the old Big East, Louisville&#x2019;s Gorgui Dieng knew the moment was weighty, but he may not have recognized just how much so.&#xa; &#xa;Not until he sat at his locker after the game, with a shiny black box containing a shiny tournament championship ring in his lap,
doc_id: 1862
Anthony and Chandler Are Likely to Rest Again
LOS ANGELES &#x2014; Carmelo Anthony rejoined his teammates Saturday, two days after having fluid drained from his right knee in New York. But he did not join them on a practice court at U.C.L.A., instead taking a few jump shots off to the side. &#xa; &#xa;He was evaluated by the team&#x2019;s doctor, Lisa Callahan, who had flown to Los Angeles
doc_id: 1863
BATS; Now It&#x2019;s Wright&#x2019;s Fill-In Who Is Injured for Mets
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; Justin Turner, the primary candidate to replace David Wright for however long he will be sidelined, picked up his own injury Saturday during the Mets&#x2019; 4-2 loss to the Miami Marlins.&#xa; &#xa;While fielding a grounder in the fourth inning, Turner turned over on his right ankle and crumpled to the grass. He was
doc_id: 1864
BATS; Still Beloved, Still Doing Right by Baseball
PHOENIX &#x2014; Ken Griffey Jr. batted .524 with 3 home runs in the first World Baseball Classic in 2006. On Sunday, he and Ferguson Jenkins threw out ceremonial first pitches before the United States played Canada.&#xa; &#xa;Griffey was here on behalf of MetLife in his role as good-will ambassador for the W.B.C., encouraging fans to vote online
doc_id: 1865
OFF THE DRIBBLE; The Payoff, And the Peril, Of Big Streaks
For the Miami Heat to win their 21st consecutive game, they had to get through one of the few teams to win 20 in a row, the Milwaukee Bucks. Of course, the Bucks of this season are a far cry from the 1970-71 team that was led by a big three that rivals Miami&#x2019;s: Lew Alcindor, Oscar Robertson and Bob Dandridge.&#xa; &#xa;But with the Heat
doc_id: 1866
ON BASKETBALL; &#x2018;It Will Never Be the Same&#x2019;
As soon as the final buzzer sounded for Syracuse 58, Georgetown 55, in overtime Friday night, the fan held up a sign that read, &#x201C;The Rivalry Is Officially Closed.&#x201D; He wore a T-shirt with &#x201C;I Bleed Orange&#x201D; across the front and pulled off a mask with the likeness of the Syracuse coach, Jim Boeheim.&#xa; &#xa;The fan, behind
doc_id: 1867
Men&#x2019;s Tour Passes Los Angeles By While Circling the Globe
INDIAN WELLS, Calif. &#x2014; Frank Sinatra sang at the Hollywood Bowl, Mikhail Baryshnikov danced at Shrine Auditorium, George Carlin told jokes at the Improv Comedy Club on Melrose Avenue. In Los Angeles over the decades, more stars have been visible on the night stage than in the night sky. &#xa; &#xa;A glaring exception is tennis, whose
doc_id: 1868
N.H.L. ROUNDUP; Bad Bounce Dooms Devils; Islanders Move Past Rangers
Defenseman Jarred Tinordi had a memorable N.H.L. debut, setting up Tomas Plekanec&#x2019;s tiebreaking third-period goal Saturday night to help the Montreal Canadiens edge the host Devils , 2-1, and extend their winning streak to five games.&#xa; &#xa;Plekanec deflected a shot by the 6-foot-6-inch Tinordi, son of the former defenseman Mark Tinordi,
doc_id: 1869
RED BULLS 0, D.C. UNITED 0; Red Bulls Do Everything but Win, Again
HARRISON, N.J. &#x2014; When they last met, the Red Bulls and D.C. United sat through a one-day postponement of their playoff game because of a snowstorm. The next day, D.C. ended the Red Bulls&#x2019; 2012 season.&#xa; &#xa;On Saturday, back at Red Bull Arena before an announced crowd of 22,022 four months later, the teams kicked off Major League
doc_id: 1870
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; 76ers&#x2019; Hawes Gives Pacers Trouble Close to Basket
In a dominating performance, Spencer Hawes had 18 points and career highs of 16 rebounds and 7 blocked shots to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 98-91 victory at home over the Indiana Pacers on Saturday night.&#xa; &#xa;Jrue Holiday added 27 points and 12 assists to help the 76ers win for only the third time in 15 games. They are one of the worst
doc_id: 1871
LOUISVILLE 78, SYRACUSE 61; Louisville Takes Trophy on Its Way Out
After a week of nostalgia and remembrance, in this valedictory Big East tournament that threw open and widened memory lane, the championship game boiled down to basketball, plain and simple. That captured perfectly all that the tournament came to mean over the years.&#xa; &#xa;On Saturday, triumph resulted from Louisville&#x2019;s defense, an
doc_id: 1872
ROUNDUP; Strasbourg Strikes Out 8
Stephen Strasburg struck out five in a row and eight over all in five and one-third innings, but the Washington Nationals lost to the Houston Astros, 4-2, in Viera, Fla. Strasburg, making his fifth spring training start, threw 93 pitches. He gave up five hits. (AP)&#xa; &#xa;RED SOX AND RAYS SCUFFLE Alfredo Aceves hit Tampa Bay second baseman Sean
doc_id: 1873
THE QUAD; Final Win at Home for Coach
BOSTON &#x2014; Boston University gave Jack Parker, its soon-to-be-retiring head coach, one final victory Saturday night on the rink that bears his name. The Terriers defeated Merrimack College, 5-3, to sweep their Hockey East quarterfinal series, 2-0.&#xa; &#xa;It was Parker&#x2019;s final game at the eight-year-old Agannis Arena, where he gained
doc_id: 1874
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Stallworth Hospitalized
The free-agent wide receiver Donte Stallworth was hospitalized with serious burns after the hot air balloon carrying him and two other people crashed into power lines above South Florida, his agent said. Stallworth, a 10-year veteran, won&#x2019;t suffer any permanent damage from the accident, said his agent, Drew Rosenhaus. This is a more complete
doc_id: 1875
With Marc Staal Injured, Brothers&#x2019; Reunion on Ice Will Have to Wait
RALEIGH, N.C. &#x2014; Eric Staal noticed the date as soon as the N.H.L. schedule was released in January. On March 18, the Carolina Hurricanes were set to play the Rangers at Madison Square Garden.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;It was definitely a circle on the calendar for me,&#x201D; Staal, the Carolina captain, said Thursday before a game against the
doc_id: 1876
End of the World as the Yankees Knew It
The greatest decline-and-fall stories involve the mightiest empires. Ancient Greece. Rome . The borscht belt. &#xa; &#xa;In the mid-1960s, it was the Yankees &#x2019; turn to collapse while the rest of baseball delighted in their misfortune. The Yankees not only lost the pennant, to echo the Douglass Wallop novel that was adapted into &#x201C;Damn
doc_id: 1877
ROUNDUP; Jeter Making Progress
&#xA0;&#xa; &#xa;For the second consecutive game, Derek Jeter started at shortstop for the Yankees, which usually would not be too significant. Jeter has been the team&#x2019;s starting shortstop since 1996. But it was also Jeter&#x2019;s first time starting back-to-back games at shortstop since Oct. 13, when he sustained a fractured left ankle in
doc_id: 1878
CHATTER BOX
&#x2018;You couldn&#x2019;t make that up &#xa; &#xa;if you wanted to make a movie out of that one.&#x2019; ALAN MAJOR, the Charlotte men&#x2019;s basketball coach, after his team scored 8 points on free throws with less than five seconds to play in its win over Richmond in the Atlantic 10 tournament.
doc_id: 1879
SLAP SHOT; A Shortened Meeting Schedule But a Lot to Discuss for Executives
The N.H.L. general managers will gather on Wednesday in Toronto for their only in-season meeting of this lockout-shortened campaign. They usually get together twice a season for two-day sessions, but this year, it is just the one day, for six hours.&#xa; &#xa;Changes to the salary cap and player contracts under the new collective bargaining
doc_id: 1880
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Jets Sign Folk and Pay Revis
The Jets re-signed kicker Nick Folk, who had been an unrestricted free agent. Folk was 21 of 27 on field-goal attempts last season, and 134 for 172 for his career. The Jets also owe a $1 million roster bonus to Darrelle Revis, their star cornerback, who has been the subject of trade rumors. According to a clause in his contract, the bonus kicked in
doc_id: 1881
Trying to Make the Majors, a Met Copes With the Death of a Child
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; Spring training is full of players who say that they are in the best shape of their lives, that they are raring to grab the game by its scruff and bend it to their will.&#xa; &#xa;Scarcer are the men like Landon Powell, who came to Florida this year admitting that baseball was the farthest thing from his mind,
doc_id: 1882
SPORTS BRIEFING | TRACK AND FIELD; Ex-Coach Files Complaints
The former University of Texas women&#x2019;s track coach Bev Kearney is pursuing race and gender discrimination complaints against the university with federal and state officials. Kearney filed complaints Tuesday with the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the Texas Workforce Commission. Kearney, who is black, resigned in January
doc_id: 1883
SPORTS BRIEFING | FIGURE SKATING; Kim Yu-na Is Back
Kim Yu-na won in her first appearance at the World Figure Skating Championships in two years with an exquisite and elegant performance that left the audience in London, Ontario, spellbound. With a score of 218.31, she was more than 20 points ahead of the defending champion, Carolina Kostner.&#xa; &#xa;In the ice dance competition, the Americans
doc_id: 1884
SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING; Busch Fends Off Rookie
Kyle Busch held off the rookie Kyle Larson at the finish to win the Nationwide Series race at Bristol Motor Speedway in Tennessee. SPORTS BRIEFING | AUTO RACING
doc_id: 1885
Dominicans Show Culture In Emotional Style of Play
MIAMI &#x2014; The Dominican Republic has celebrated every hit as if it were its last, every putout as if it had decided the game. Its players have clenched their fists, pounded their chests and screamed &#x2014; sometimes in the fourth inning. And if the Dominicans took a late lead, the whole dugout would explode, players bursting onto the field,
doc_id: 1886
IN-BOX; Rivera an All-Star In Every Sense
To the Sports Editor:&#xa; &#xa;Re &#x201C;Closing With Class,&#x201D; March 8: In addition to Mariano Rivera &#x2019;s first-ballot Hall of Fame career, what makes him a special superstar is his passion and love for the game of baseball, team-first approach, dignity, spirituality, mentoring of younger players, dedication to family and vision for a
doc_id: 1887
To Catch a Tarpon, Be Ready for a Fight
JUCARO, Cuba &#x2014; I stood on the bow of a Dolphin skiff anchored at the edge of a large channel in Jardines de la Reina. The incoming tide flooded through the strait with the Caribbean, a patchwork of shifting blues and greens, stretching to the south.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;They&#x2019;re coming,&#x201D; my guide, Leonardo Arche, cried out. A dozen
doc_id: 1888
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Northwestern Coach Is Fired
Bill Carmody will not return as Northwestern&#x2019;s coach, the university said, ending a 13-year run in which the Wildcats failed to reach their first N.C.A.A. tournament. SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL
doc_id: 1889
TOP ARTICLES
The five most viewed articles on nytimes.com/sports from March 8 to 14.&#xa; &#xa;1. AFTER THE MILE Tim Danielson was among an exclusive group of runners who had broken the elusive four-minute barrier in the mile. Now he is a runner shackled, charged with killing his ex-wife. (Published March 13) 2. NO CATCHING OR DOUBTING A HEALTHY, HAPPY WOODS
doc_id: 1890
SPORTS BRIEFING | HORSE RACING; 1-2 Finish for Lukas
Will Take Charge pushed ahead of Oxbow to win the $600,000 Rebel Stakes by a head in Hot Springs, Ark., putting the horses, both trained by D. Wayne Lukas , on track for the Kentucky Derby . Finishing third was Den&#x2019;s Legacy, part of a disappointing day for the trainer Bob Baffert. SPORTS BRIEFING | HORSE RACING
doc_id: 1891
WINTER SPORTS ROUNDUP; U.S. Teenager&#x2019;s Dazzling Run Secures Overall Slalom Title
The American teenager Mikaela Shiffrin delivered an astonishing second run to overtake Tina Maze of Slovenia and clinch the World Cup slalom title with an improbable victory Saturday in Lenzerheide, Switzerland.&#xa; &#xa;Shiffrin trailed Maze by 1.17 seconds after the first leg and needed to finish ahead of her to win the slalom crystal globe in
doc_id: 1892
After the Mile
SAN DIEGO &#x2014; It was to be a reunion of Southern California&#x2019;s top high school runners, more than a hundred of them across six decades. National record-setters, state champions, a sprinkling of Olympians. Among them, a private man was going to make a rare public appearance. If Tim Danielson was not the guest of honor, exactly, he was the
doc_id: 1893
ON BASEBALL; Patience in a Career And at the Plate
GLENDALE, Ariz. &#xa; &#xa;The Los Angeles Dodgers &#x2019; clubhouse feels odd to an outsider, with so many famous names and faces better known for starring elsewhere. From Zack Greinke to Brandon League, Hanley Ramirez to Carl Crawford, Adrian Gonzalez to Josh Beckett &#x2014; the names read like the draft board in a fantasy league. It might just
doc_id: 1894
PENGUINS 3, RANGERS 0; Penguins Shut Out Faltering Rangers
PITTSBURGH (AP) &#x2014; Marc-Andre Fleury could not help it. Late in the third period against the Rangers on Saturday, Fleury was on the verge of the Pittsburgh Penguins &#x2019; career record for shutouts, and he let his mind drift.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I wanted it so bad,&#x201D; Fleury said. &#x201C;I tried to not jinx it.&#x201D; The reeling
doc_id: 1895
ON BASEBALL; New Role for Older, Wiser Giambi
GOODYEAR, Ariz. &#xa; &#xa; Jason Giambi , elder statesman. How can this be? The Big G? The man who swung big and lived bigger? The scamp with the dancing eyes, loose ethics and a bawdy tale for all occasions? &#x201C;Like anything, you grow up,&#x201D; Giambi said the other morning, in the Cleveland Indians &#x2019; locker room, after a day at
doc_id: 1896
By Strategy and Luck, A Penguin Finds the Net
TORONTO &#x2014; Pascal Dupuis was in the right place at the right time again.&#xa; &#xa;Against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Thursday night, Dupuis&#x2019;s linemate Chris Kunitz created a chance by outmuscling defenseman Korbinian Holzer to get the puck to Sidney Crosby, who found Dupuis with a no-look pass that ended up in the back of the Toronto
doc_id: 1897
SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS; Del Potro Upsets Murray
Andy Murray made a slew of unforced errors and was knocked out of the quarterfinals of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, Calif., by Juan Mart&#xED;n del Potro, 6-7 (5), 6-3, 6-1. SPORTS BRIEFING | TENNIS
doc_id: 1898
SYRACUSE 58, GEORGETOWN 55; A Last, Long Goodbye at the Garden
Moments like these made the Big East tournament, made it less of a basketball culmination and more of a touchstone, complete with a distinct New York flavor. Take Friday. Here was Syracuse, and here was Georgetown, with every seat filled in Madison Square Garden, in a game that went into overtime, undecided until the final shot.&#xa; &#xa;As
doc_id: 1899
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Heat Cruise, And Streak Reaches 21
LeBron James and Chris Bosh each scored 28 points, and the Miami Heat made it 21 straight wins, beating the Bucks, 107-94, in Milwaukee on Friday night.&#xa; &#xa;Only three other teams have won 20 in a row in one season, and the Heat now trail only the 1971-72 Los Angeles Lakers (33) and the 2007-8 Houston Rockets (22) after moving ahead of the
doc_id: 1900
Here, There and Everywhere: Assistant Coaches
LAS VEGAS &#x2014; In college basketball, they are blurred backdrops to the back and forth of the game and the tight close-ups of the leading man. Like movie extras, they get screen time but barely any credit.&#xa; &#xa;They are both everywhere and nowhere, ubiquitous and anonymous, this subspecies known as &#x201C;assistant coaches.&#x201D; And as
doc_id: 1901
SPORTS BRIEFING | FIGURE SKATING; Chan Wins World Title
Patrick Chan won his third title at the World Figure Skating Championships in London, Ontario, on Friday night, but the little-known Denis Ten of Kazakhstan stole the spotlight with a technically impressive performance to &#x201C;The Artist,&#x201D; which won the free skate. The United States champion, Max Aaron, was seventh. &#xa; &#xa;Tatiana
doc_id: 1902
Pitcher Barred&#xd; For 100 Games
WASHINGTON &#x2014; Major League Baseball suspended the journeyman minor league pitcher Cesar Carrillo on Friday, in the first instance of discipline linked to a South Florida anti-aging clinic. The clinic is under investigation for reportedly providing players with performance-enhancing drugs.&#xa; &#xa;Carrillo, a right-handed pitcher on the
doc_id: 1903
At United, Comebacks Are Only for the Hosts
LONDON &#x2014; Twice in January, relegation-threatened Reading managed to reverse halftime deficits and win Premier League games. But if the team is to win at Manchester United this Saturday, history suggests that being behind after 45 minutes will not be part of the script.&#xa; &#xa;Real Madrid did win after trailing at halftime at Old Trafford
doc_id: 1904
THE FIFTH DOWN; Jets Lose Steady Keller and Gain a Veteran Guard
In a move that weakens the Jets and strengthens one of their A.F.C. East rivals, tight end Dustin Keller agreed to a one-year deal with the Miami Dolphins on Friday. Keller&#x2019;s departure is the latest in a string of defections to strike the Jets, who have already lost three starters on defense and two on offense as free agents, with more
doc_id: 1905
THE FIFTH DOWN; Jets Lower Ticket Prices
After winning just six games last season, their worst showing since 2007, the Jets said Friday that they were trimming the price of some of their cheapest tickets and not increasing the price of the other 80,000 seats in MetLife Stadium.&#xa; &#xa;About 3,000 seats in the upper bowl will be lowered to $50 per game, bringing the total to 9,000
doc_id: 1906
N.F.L. ROUNDUP; Vikings Snag Jennings
The Minnesota Vikings signed the free-agent receiver Greg Jennings from the N.F.C. North rival Green Bay Packers, reportedly for five years and $47.5 million, with $18 million guaranteed.&#xa; &#xa;The Vikings, after trading Percy Harvin to Seattle, lured Jennings, who noted, &#x201C;I&#x2019;m not the first Packers player to jump on this
doc_id: 1907
Road Runners Facing Difficulty Months After Marathon Uproar
The furor over New York Road Runners&#x2019; handling of its marathon last year has died down, but questions about the group&#x2019;s future persist, including whether its dominance has started to erode because of rival race organizers and disaffected runners.&#xa; &#xa;Some of the group&#x2019;s local races have had a striking decline in finishers
doc_id: 1908
LOUISVILLE 69, NOTRE DAME 57; With Siva&#x2019;s Help, Louisville Advances to Another Title Game
Few players look as at ease under the lights of the Big East tournament at Madison Square Garden as Louisville&#x2019;s Peyton Siva. He smiles and winks and banters with referees and cameramen. At times, he carries himself like an on-court diplomat.&#xa; &#xa;He has made himself awfully familiar to fans in New York, too. Behind Siva&#x2019;s 12
doc_id: 1909
At Indian Wells, Crowds Prove Must-See Match Is Doubles
INDIAN WELLS, Calif. &#x2014; For many of the world&#x2019;s top players, the desert beauty of the BNP Paribas Open is better enjoyed with a buddy nearby.&#xa; &#xa;The popularity of doubles here was most evident Monday evening as lines wrapped around the 6,400-seat Stadium 2 to see the twins Bob and Mike Bryan take on the current top two in the
doc_id: 1910
Muscle Strain Could Put Wright&#x2019;s Opening Day in Doubt
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &#x2014; The injuries for the Mets were already piling up, but to an extent they were palatable. The latest one may be harder to digest.&#xa; &#xa;After flying to New York on Friday morning to have his sore back examined, third baseman David Wright was found to have a strained left intercostal muscle, an injury that could put
doc_id: 1911
Yanks Look For Help In Others&#x2019; Castoffs
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; With injuries threatening to derail their season before it has started, the Yankees have acted aggressively during training camp by pouncing on players released by other teams.&#xa; &#xa;On Monday they signed the right-handed-hitting Ben Francisco, who asked for his release from the Cleveland Indians, and on Friday they added
doc_id: 1912
WOMEN&#x27;S BASKETBALL; A Guard&#x2019;s Long Trip Pays Off For Fordham
Erin Rooney could not help herself.&#xa; &#xa;When she arrived on the women&#x2019;s basketball team at Monmouth in 2009 from Christchurch, New Zealand, she peppered Coach Stephanie Gaitley with questions during practice. Why was the team doing this? Why did it do a drill that way? &#x201C;She kind of took it the wrong way, like it was me
doc_id: 1913
N.F.L. ROUNDUP; Around The League
The Arizona Cardinals released quarterback Kevin Kolb, ending his two injury-filled seasons with the team. ... The San Diego Chargers agreed to a two-year contract with the former New England Patriots and Jets running back Danny Woodhead. ... The free-agent safety Ed Reed left Houston without a deal with the Texans. ... Linebacker Keith Rivers
doc_id: 1914
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; Flyers Edge Devils
Matt Read and Claude Giroux scored in a shootout to lead the Philadelphia Flyers to a 2-1 win over the visiting Devils. The slumping Flyers badly needed the win after a 5-2 loss to the Devils on Wednesday. David Clarkson had the Devils&#x2019; goal. SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY
doc_id: 1915
Knicks and Nets Won&#x2019;t Meet Again, but the Race Is On
When the Knicks and the Nets last met, the lasting image was of Joe Johnson, rising over J. R. Smith to sink the jump shot that clinched the game, tied the season series and silenced Madison Square Garden. That was Jan. 21.&#xa; &#xa;The interborough rivalry has been dormant since then, because of an unfortunate N.B.A. schedule that had New
doc_id: 1916
GOAL; Champions League Draw
The Spanish rivals Real Madrid and Barcelona and the German giants Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund avoided each other when the matchups were drawn for the Champions League quarterfinals on Friday in Nyon, Switzerland.&#xa; &#xa;Real Madrid will host Turkey&#x2019;s Galatasaray in the first leg of the quarterfinals, set for April 2-3, then
doc_id: 1917
PUERTO RICO 4, UNITED STATES 3; Weakened Offense Adds Up to Another Early Exit for the U.S.
MIAMI &#x2014; The chants were sporadic and muffled, nearly drowned out by horns, bells and cheers from the Puerto Rican faithful. It started: &#x201C;U-S-A! U-S-A!&#x201D; A few moments, after a weak effort, it died.&#xa; &#xa;The United States was silenced for six innings. It was helpless without &#x201C;Captain America,&#x201D; David Wright .
doc_id: 1918
N.F.L. ROUNDUP; Error Frees Dumervil
The Denver Broncos got Elvis Dumervil, their best defensive end, to take a pay cut but finished the paperwork late and had to release him.&#xa; &#xa;Dumervil, who was owed $12 million under his previous contract, agreed to take $4 million less to remain with Denver this year. But the team did not receive the signed contract by 2 p.m., when the $12
doc_id: 1919
LEADING OFF; Baseball Grabs Some March Gladness
This is the time of year for emotional victories, of teammates mobbing one another in unbridled joy. The scene never gets old, the heart-thumping excitement of the game spilling into the tearful postgame celebration, the youthful exuberance providing us that booster shot of pure happiness that reminds us why sports keeps winning us over.&#xa;
doc_id: 1920
MEN&#x2019;S ROUNDUP; Maryland Upsets No. 2 Duke; Kentucky Falls and Frets
Dez Wells scored a career-high 30 points, and Maryland upset No. 2 Duke, 83-74, on Friday night in the quarterfinals of the Atlantic Coast Conference tournament.&#xa; &#xa;Wells was 9 of 13 from the field and 10 of 10 from the free-throw line to lead the seventh-seeded Terrapins (22-11), who never trailed and held the Blue Devils, the
doc_id: 1921
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Scott Closes In on Rookie
Adam Scott had a bogey-free round of five-under-par 66, leaving him one shot behind the 31-year-old rookie Shawn Stefani at the Tampa Bay Championship. SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF
doc_id: 1922
ON BASKETBALL; Lost in Transition: Nuggets Pass the Knicks
DENVER&#xa; &#xa;It would be wise to remember the compelling scoreboard evidence in the case against the Knicks as a team on the go, evidence that was flashing even before Tyson Chandler went down and Carmelo Anthony went out in a truly forgettable homecoming on Wednesday night for both him and his fellow former Nuggets . But it wasn&#x2019;t so
doc_id: 1923
THE FIFTH DOWN; Years After Controversy, N.F.L. May Change Tuck Rule
The controversial rule that helped launch the New England Patriots&#x2019; dynasty and has haunted the Oakland Raiders for nearly a dozen years may finally be struck down.&#xa; &#xa;When the N.F.L. holds its annual meeting in Arizona next week, owners will consider several significant rules changes, but only one that can be crystallized in just one
doc_id: 1924
THE QUAD; U.C.L.A. Needs Rally to Win
LAS VEGAS &#x2013; U.C.L.A., virtually unrecognizable in new tournament uniforms with gray-camouflage shorts and shirt sleeves, barely looked itself for most of the Bruins&#x2019; Pac-12 quarterfinal game with ninth-seeded Arizona State.&#xa; &#xa;But Travis Wear&#x2019;s short jumper with a minute left, and his long jumper with 11 seconds to go,
doc_id: 1925
THE FIFTH DOWN; Seeking A Stronger Stand
After multiple reports by players interviewed at the N.F.L. combine indicated teams were trying to find out if prospective draft picks are gay, New York State attorney general Eric T. Schneiderman sent a letter to N.F.L. Commissioner Roger Goodell urging the league to take a stronger stand against discrimination based on sexual orientation.&#xa;
doc_id: 1926
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; English Teams Advance
Chelsea staged a thrilling comeback to beat Steaua Bucharest, 3-1, and reach the Europa League quarterfinals, but Inter Milan failed to advance over Tottenham despite a plucky second-leg recovery. Newcastle completed an English sweep into the last eight thanks to Papiss Cisse&#x2019;s stoppage-time winner against Anzhi Makhachkala, while Lazio,
doc_id: 1927
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; Islanders Top Lightning
Evgeni Nabokov made 18 saves for a shutout, John Tavares scored his 17th goal, and the visiting Islanders beat the Tampa Bay Lightning, 2-0. &#xA0;The Islanders improved to 4-1-2 over their last seven games. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Pascal Dupuis scored two of Pittsburgh&#x2019;s three goals in the third period, and the visiting Penguins stormed back to
doc_id: 1928
SPORTS BRIEFING | GOLF; Rookie Leads by Two
Shawn Stefani, a tour rookie, never came close to making a bogey until his final hole in the Tampa Bay Championship. He rolled in a par putt from just inside five feet to complete a six-under 65 and take a two-shot lead over Brian Harman. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Ai Miyazato took the L.P.G.A. Founders Cup lead on a hot afternoon in the Phoenix desert,
doc_id: 1929
THE FIFTH DOWN; Jets Deconstruct as Ryan Looks On
Pretend, for a second, that you&#x2019;re Rex Ryan.&#xa; &#xa;Your quarterbacks are Mark Sanchez and David Garrard &#x2013; with more of that ilk to follow. And your best player &#x2013; an indispensable player, a man you respect and adore &#x2013; Darrelle Revis, is likely to be traded, the only mystery being when. Your defense has been gutted by
doc_id: 1930
Realignment Receives Final Vote Of Approval
The Board of Governors on Thursday approved the N.H.L.&#x2019;s long-awaited realignment plan, including its first new playoff format since 1994. &#xa; &#xa;It was the final step in the process after the players union agreed to the plan last week. The plan will go into effect in 2013-14 and will remain for at least three seasons, &#x201C;barring
doc_id: 1931
JETS 3, RANGERS 1; Jets Send Rangers to Their Second Straight Loss
WINNIPEG, Manitoba (AP) &#x2014; Ondrej Pavelec made 28 saves, and the Winnipeg Jets held on to beat the Rangers , 3-1, on Thursday night.&#xa; &#xa;Nik Antropov scored the game&#x2019;s first goal, Antti Miettinen collected his first goal of the season, and Andrew Ladd added an empty-netter with 39 seconds left for Winnipeg (14-11-2). It was
doc_id: 1932
ON TENNIS; A Marvelous Rivalry&#xd; But With a Murky Future
A European reporter settled into his seat, turned to me and advised, &#x201C;Watch him.&#x201D; It was a warm spring night in 2004, and the world&#x2019;s best tennis player was on court for a third-round match in Key Biscayne, Fla. &#xa; &#xa;The European was not talking about Roger Federer , the newly anointed No. 1. He was pointing out
doc_id: 1933
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC 3, USA 1; With Wright Scratched, U.S. Falls Short but Still Has a Shot
MIAMI &#x2014; David Wright had his cleats tied, his uniform on and tucked in, and three big letters, USA, across his chest. He was ready to go, to play his figurative Captain America role at the World Baseball Classic and continue some of what he had called the best times of his baseball life.&#xa; &#xa;Then, minutes before the American team was
doc_id: 1934
Ranked Sixth but Seeded Fifth? In Competitive Big Ten, Nothing Is Easy
CHICAGO &#x2014; The question should not have stumped Michigan Coach John Beilein, but it did. &#xa; &#xa;Standing inside the Wolverines&#x2019; locker room at the United Center, Beilein finally relaxed Thursday after his team dispatched Penn State , 83-66, in the first round of the Big Ten Conference tournament. His suit jacket long abandoned, and
doc_id: 1935
Chaos and Folly at the Finish
The Atlantic 10 Conference introduced itself to Brooklyn on Thursday by producing one of the more ridiculous endings to a college basketball game in recent memory. The very first game of the conference&#x2019;s very first tournament at Barclays Center ended with three technical fouls and an ejection in the final 4.7 seconds as Charlotte pulled off
doc_id: 1936
MEN&#x27;S ROUNDUP; U.C.L.A. Needs Rally To Get Past Arizona St.
A.C.C. FIRST ROUND Olivier Hanlan set an A.C.C. tournament record for freshmen with 41 points, and Boston College beat Georgia Tech , 84-64, in Greensboro, N.C. Hanlan was 14 of 18, made his final 12 shots and was a one-man show in bringing the eighth-seeded Eagles (16-16) back from an early 15-0 deficit.&#xa; &#xa;Dez Wells scored 14 of his 21
doc_id: 1937
Losing 20 Games, Not Faith, en Route to a Berth
In its opening game this season, the Liberty men&#x2019;s basketball team had two starters sidelined with injuries and lost by 42 points.&#xa; &#xa;Then things got really bleak. The team&#x2019;s best returning player was ruled out for the season with a stress fracture in his foot. Two others in the playing rotation quit the team. And Liberty, the
doc_id: 1938
Louisville Turns Up Pressure and Turns Away Villanova
When Louisville arrives at Madison Square Garden to play in the Big East tournament &#x2014; usually after preliminary rounds &#x2014; it sometimes seems as if a switch is flipped, and the action on the court zips to fast-forward, with players and colors whirring by in hazy streaks. &#xa; &#xa;The Cardinals call their style &#x201C;havoc,&#x201D;
doc_id: 1939
N.F.L. ROUNDUP; Falcons Sign Jackson
Atlanta found its replacement for Michael Turner on Thursday, agreeing to terms with Steven Jackson on a three-year, $12 million deal.&#xa; &#xa;Jackson has run for at least 1,000 yards in eight straight seasons. He has 10,135 rushing yards, the most of any active player. The Falcons released Turner on March 1. CHANGES IN GIANTS&#x2019; SECONDARY
doc_id: 1940
SPORTS BRIEFING | SKIING; Races Canceled
Marcel Hirscher of Austria all but wrapped up his second straight overall World Cup title when the men&#x2019;s super-G in Lenzerheide, Switzerland, was canceled by bad weather and his closest challenger, Aksel Lund Svindal, said he would not race in the season-ending slalom on Sunday. The women&#x2019;s super-G was also canceled, giving the
doc_id: 1941
SPORTS BRIEFING | FIGURE SKATING; Olympic Champ Leads
Kim Yu-na of South Korea, the Olympic champion, made a triumphant return to the World Figure Skating Championships in London, Ontario, winning the short program commandingly Thursday. In her first major competition since the 2011 worlds, she is more than three points ahead of the defending world champion, Carolina Kostner of Italy, and Kanako
doc_id: 1942
Injured Bryant Was Fouled, N.B.A. Says
Kobe Bryant said Dahntay Jones&#x2019;s dangerous defense left him with a sprained left ankle, and the N.B.A. agreed.&#xa; &#xa;Now, the Los Angeles Lakers are hoping the injury does not keep Bryant away from their playoff push for long. Bryant received several hours of treatment Thursday on what he called the worst sprained ankle of his 17 seasons
doc_id: 1943
No Structural Damage In Anthony&#x2019;s Sore Knee
PORTLAND, Ore. &#x2014; Carmelo Anthony was back in New York on Thursday, confronting a long needle and a cranky knee that has undermined a once-glorious Knicks season.&#xa; &#xa;Anthony had fluid drained from the back of his right knee Thursday afternoon, after spending more than three weeks fighting stiffness and soreness while his game
doc_id: 1944
ON BASKETBALL; Scuffles Set Up Brawl for Big East Rivals
For all the nostalgia at this Big East tournament, for all the highlight packages and 1980s retrospectives and flashes of past legends on the big screen, the actual on-court product in the first three days produced a whole bunch of missed shots.&#xa; &#xa;Or enough bricks to build a museum for the Conference Formerly Known as the Big East. In the
doc_id: 1945
LEADING OFF; Hellos and Goodbyes in the N.F.L.
In Philadelphia it was good riddance to Nnamdi Asomugha (&#x201C;The Eagles will pay Asomugha $4 million not to play for them in 2013 and that is the best bargain general manager Howie Roseman could have made,&#x201D; Phil Sheridan writes at The Inquirer.) &#xa; &#xa;In Buffalo, it was bittersweet riddance to Bills quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick
doc_id: 1946
Boeheim Reminisces, and Syracuse Advances
Seconds after the opening tipoff, Jim Boeheim adopted his signature sideline posture. He folded his arms and stood in front of the Syracuse bench. &#xa; &#xa;Several minutes elapsed, a stretch that featured a handful of Seton Hall 3-pointers, and Boeheim remained in the exact same spot. Finally, he sat down and rested his chin in his right palm,
doc_id: 1947
ON PRO FOOTBALL; In Welker Breakup, It&#x2019;s Not Him; It&#x2019;s Them
It turns out that the New England Patriots &#x2019; true intentions for Wes Welker were revealed long ago, in September, before his quarterback and friend Tom Brady took a below-market contract extension to create salary-cap space to help his team keep critical parts, before the owner Robert K. Kraft said this week that he wanted Welker to be a
doc_id: 1948
N.F.L. ROUNDUP; Lions Emerge From a Productive Day With a Deal for Bush
Reggie Bush has watched film of the Detroit Lions , and he has seen the opposing safeties playing deep and paying extra attention to Calvin Johnson.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;It&#x2019;s a running back&#x2019;s dream,&#x201D; Bush said. &#x201C;We have to be able to run the ball in that situation.&#x201D; Bush was introduced as a Lion on Wednesday, a big
doc_id: 1949
ON BASEBALL; Boom-and-Bust Diamondbacks Try for a Steady Approach
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.&#xa; &#xa;When Brandon McCarthy signed with the Arizona Diamondbacks in December, he did not dwell on their master plan. McCarthy, a starting pitcher, considered factors that would not change: the city, the contract and so on. Trusting a team&#x2019;s blueprint seemed foolish in a sport so filled with surprises. &#x201C;Predicting
doc_id: 1950
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASEBALL; Puerto Rico Ousts Italy
Alex Rios scored the go-ahead run as Puerto Rico rallied to oust Italy from the World Baseball Classic with a 4-3 victory Wednesday in Miami. &#xa; &#xa;Puerto Rico was hitless in its first 12 at-bats with runners in scoring position but overcame a 3-0 deficit, scoring once in the sixth inning and three times in the eighth. SPORTS BRIEFING |
doc_id: 1951
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; U.S. Takes Algarve Cup
The United States women&#x2019;s team won the Algarve Cup for the ninth time, beating Germany, 2-0, in Faro, Portugal. Alex Morgan scored both goals in the first half, and Nicole Barnhart protected the lead with strong saves in the second half. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; M&#xE1;laga of Spain advanced to the Champions League quarterfinals as Isco and Roque
doc_id: 1952
SPORTS BRIEFING | SKIING; Vonn Wins Downhill Title
Fog caused the cancellation of downhill racing at the final World Cup event of the season, in Lenzerheide, Switzerland, giving the injured Lindsey Vonn a record sixth straight World Cup downhill title. The title, won by just a point over Tina Maze, came five weeks after Vonn sustained a season-ending knee injury in a crash. This is a more complete
doc_id: 1953
SPORTS BRIEFING | FIGURE SKATING; Chan Sets a Record
With 98.37 points, Patrick Chan of Canada, the two-time defending champion, shattered the high-score record for the short program by more than 3 points at the world championships in London, Ontario. Denis Ten of Kazakhstan was a surprising second, and the American champion Max Aaron was in eighth place. Tatiana Volosozhar and Maxim Trankov of
doc_id: 1954
OFF THE DRIBBLE; Mountain or Molehill: A Measure of Anthony&#x2019;s Words
DENVER &#x2014; Carmelo Anthony does many interviews, says many things. To his credit, seldom is he terse with reporters, and never confrontational. Genial would probably be the best way to describe most of his dealings with the news media.&#xa; &#xa;Nor is he typically forthcoming, or insightful. Often you get the feeling he is manufacturing
doc_id: 1955
The Last Walk
The well-wishers came in waves, old friends and new colleagues, television bigwigs and college presidents, all in search of Mike Aresco, commissioner of the Big East Conference. (Or what&#x2019;s left of it. Before more teams are added and subtracted. Before they call it something else.)&#xa; &#xa;As the valedictory conference basketball tournament
doc_id: 1956
NUGGETS 117, KNICKS 94; Knicks Routed in Denver; Anthony Will Have Knee Drained
DENVER &#x2014; As it turns out, there are far worse things than being jeered mercilessly by 19,000 people who used to worship your every dribble, dunk and fadeaway. The boos and taunts? That much, Carmelo Anthony expected and perhaps even embraced in his first return to the city he rejected. That much was tolerable.&#xa; &#xa;But Anthony&#x2019;s
doc_id: 1957
Rivera Is Taking Robinson&#x2019;s 42 To Its Last Stop
Mariano Rivera &#x2019;s decision to retire after the 2013 season represents the end of an era for several reasons. The major leagues&#x2019; career leader in saves, he has been a cornerstone of the Yankees since winning his first championship ring with them, in 1996, and given his remarkable consistency and distinct lack of histrionics, he will be
doc_id: 1958
Sports Briefing | Hockey
Miikka Kiprusoff&#x2019;s 36 saves helped the Calgary Flames defeat the visiting Detroit Red Wings, 5-2, to end a three-game losing streak. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
doc_id: 1959
Wright and Cano Bring New York Flair to World Baseball Classic
MIAMI &#x2014; While David Wright drove in five runs for the United States in the World Baseball Classic on Tuesday night, Robinson Cano went to the Miami Heat game with some of his Dominican Republic teammates. Cano sat courtside, underneath the basket near the Heat bench, and watched LeBron James generate 15 points, 7 rebounds and 7 assists on
doc_id: 1960
ON SOCCER; Instability and Mediocrity at Arsenal
LONDON&#xa; &#xa;A few weeks ago, there was a fight among fans at an English soccer match. People were injured, police officers were called and perpetrators were escorted from the stadium. It was, in many ways, not altogether unusual. The strange part about the episode, however, came when the nature of the two groups involved was revealed: one was
doc_id: 1961
Mets Expect Pitchers to Help Themselves at the Plate
VIERA, Fla. &#x2014; The pitches darted toward home faster than he expected. Three fast ones, and it was over.&#xa; &#xa;For the most part, Matt Harvey&#x2019;s second-inning strikeout at the plate was an afterthought in the Mets &#x2019; 8-5 loss to the Washington Nationals on Wednesday afternoon. The talk regarding Harvey during spring training
doc_id: 1962
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; Devils Down the Flyers
Ilya Kovalchuk capped New Jersey&#x2019;s three-goal first period with his N.H.L.-leading fourth short-handed goal, and the host Devils beat the mistake-prone Philadelphia Flyers, 5-2. &#xB6; Alex Galchenyuk and Lars Eller scored shootout goals, and the host Montreal Canadiens won their fourth straight by beating the Ottawa Senators, 4-3. This is a
doc_id: 1963
Felton Braces for Boos In Return to Portland
DENVER &#x2014; Raymond Felton spent 137 days in Portland, hardly long enough to find a good dry cleaner or to learn the names of all those bridges. But long enough, apparently, to have thoroughly alienated the Trail Blazers , their fans and the local news media.&#xa; &#xa;Felton was terribly out of shape last season, by his own admission. The
doc_id: 1964
SPORTS BRIEFING | COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Bucknell Clinches Berth
Mike Muscala scored 6 of his 20 points in a decisive second-half stretch to help host Bucknell capture an N.C.A.A. tournament berth with a 64-56 win over Lafayette in the Patriot League title game. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; Tony Snell scored 15 points, leading No. 15 New Mexico to a 59-46 victory over Wyoming in the quarterfinals of the Mountain West
doc_id: 1965
SPORTS BRIEFING | SLED-DOG RACING; Oldest to Win Iditarod
Mitch Seavey, 53, became the oldest person to win the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race late Tuesday night. He was 24 minutes ahead of Aliy Zirkle, last year&#x2019;s runner-up. Seavey also won the race in 2004. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. SPORTS BRIEFING | SLED-DOG RACING
doc_id: 1966
Jeter Continues Rehabilitation, Back at Shortstop
TAMPA, Fla. &#x2014; Five months to the day since he lay helpless on the infield dirt with a broken ankle, Derek Jeter returned to his position at shortstop, lending a bit of calm to a team troubled by bad injury news.&#xa; &#xa;With 10,970 fans watching Jeter&#x2019;s every move from the moment he emerged from the dugout to run in the outfield
doc_id: 1967
Nadal Renews Criticism of Hardcourt Schedule
INDIAN WELLS, Calif. &#x2014; Professional tennis is getting harder and harder. At least on its surface.&#xa; &#xa;On the 2013 ATP World Tour, 37 of the 65 tournaments are on hardcourts. The prevalence of the surface on the WTA Tour is even greater, with 37 of the 58 events on hardcourts. The numbers reflect a long, steady streamlining of the tours
doc_id: 1968
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Bryant Sprains Ankle in Loss; Heat&#x2019;s Streak at 20
The Los Angeles Lakers &#x2019; push for the playoffs might be without Kobe Bryant for a while.&#xa; &#xa;Bryant severely sprained his left ankle Wednesday night after missing a game-tying shot in the closing seconds of a loss to the Atlanta Hawks. The Lakers spokesman John Black said Bryant would be out indefinitely, just as a team that
doc_id: 1969
St. John&#x2019;s Shows Fight but Is Still Knocked Out
St. John&#x2019;s Coach Steve Lavin skittered up and down the sideline, whirling his arms, leaping, wringing the rolled-up statistics sheet in his hand like a soggy washcloth.&#xa; &#xa;Lavin knew his team would need a nearly flawless defensive performance to beat seventh-seeded Villanova on Wednesday night, so he was going to work up a sweat along
doc_id: 1970
SPORTS BRIEFING | TRACK AND FIELD; Doping Investigation
Track and field&#x2019;s governing body said it was investigating 17 possible doping cases uncovered by the biological passport program, which monitors the blood profiles of athletes over time to check for variations that indicate doping. &#xa; &#xa;Cycling also uses the system, and tennis announced this week that it was adopting the program.
doc_id: 1971
NOTRE DAME 61, UCONN 59; Notre Dame Exits With a Title
HARTFORD &#x2014; Notre Dame &#x2019;s women&#x2019;s basketball team left the Big East in style, winning the conference tournament for the first time when Natalie Achonwa&#x2019;s basket with 1.8 seconds left provided a 61-59 victory over Connecticut on Tuesday night.&#xa; &#xa;Notre Dame, playing in the championship game for the seventh time and
doc_id: 1972
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; Galatasaray Advances
Visiting Galatasaray beat Schalke 04, 3-2, to advance to the Champions League quarterfinals with a 4-3 victory on aggregate. Umut Bulut scored the winner in the fifth minute of stoppage time, though Galatasaray would have advanced anyway with a 2-2 draw. &#xa; &#xa;&#xB6; The American midfielder Carli Lloyd will be sidelined six to eight weeks
doc_id: 1973
Too Close for Profit
Chris Lawless knows about bad beats. He has had plenty of particularly painful gambling losses, but he sure did not see it coming Monday night in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference men&#x2019;s basketball tournament championship game between Iona and Manhattan.&#xa; &#xa;He was at home in Las Vegas with the fingernails of one hand dug into the
doc_id: 1974
N.F.L. ROUNDUP; Departures Leave Holes On Jets&#x2019; Line
The interior of the Jets&#x2019; defensive line disappeared Tuesday, when Sione Po&#x2019;uha was released and the free agent Mike DeVito left for the Kansas City Chiefs. Their departures leave the team with little experience inside besides Kenrick Ellis, a third-round pick in 2011 who has yet to prove he merits a starting job.&#xa; &#xa;Only four
doc_id: 1975
SPORTS BRIEFING | ROAD RUNNING; Keflezighi Has Leg Injury
Meb Keflezighi withdrew from the N.Y.C. Half on Sunday because of a leg injury. Keflezighi had tightness in his calves, the New York Road Runners said. Others in the field included Wilson Kipsang of Kenya and the Americans Dathan Ritzenhein and Abdi Abdirahman. Bernard Lagat, the United States indoor two-mile record-holder, will make his
doc_id: 1976
Two Years After Trade, Nuggets Have No Regrets
DENVER &#x2014; Ty Lawson did not take the bait to talk his way into a trap. He is the Denver Nuggets &#x2019; quick-thinking point guard &#x2014; not far removed from the conversation that includes the N.B.A.&#x2019;s best &#x2014; who can turn the direction of the delicate Carmelo question as deftly as he crosses over on the dribble.&#xa;
doc_id: 1977
Lakers 106, Magic 97
ORLANDO, Fla. &#x2014; Kobe Bryant had a simple message for Dwight Howard before Howard&#x2019;s first game back in Orlando.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;Kill &#x2019;em,&#x201D; Bryant said. Howard did, scoring a season-high 39 points, grabbing 16 rebounds and tying his N.B.A. record with 39 free-throw attempts Tuesday night, leading the Lakers to a 106-97
doc_id: 1978
Team Together
ST. LOUIS &#x2014; The chant came from the student section as Chaifetz Arena shook, as fans with blue paint streaks in their hair and &#x201C;All About the Billikens&#x201D; T-shirts on their backs stood and roared. The final seconds of a season unlike any other ticked away, history in reach.&#xa; &#xa;The chant started. &#x201C;Rick Ma-jer-us!
doc_id: 1979
SPORTS BRIEFING | HOCKEY; Penguins Rally Past Bruins
Brandon Sutter scored twice in the final seven minutes to cap a furious rally, and the host Pittsburgh Penguins slipped past the Boston&#xA0;Bruins , 3-2, on Tuesday night. Chris Kunitz started Pittsburgh&#x2019;s third-period surge with his 18th goal of the season, and Sutter beat Boston&#x2019;s Anton Khudobin twice in less than four minutes,
doc_id: 1980
N.B.A. ROUNDUP; Heat Collect 19th Victory In a Row
Dwyane Wade scored 23 points and the host Miami Heat extended their winning streak to 19 games, leading wire to wire in a 98-81 victory over the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday night.&#xa; &#xa; LeBron James scored 15 for the Heat, who matched the fifth-longest streak in N.B.A. history. They will try for their 20th straight win Wednesday at Philadelphia,
doc_id: 1981
SPORTS BRIEFING | PRO FOOTBALL; Players and Staff Sue U.F.L.
A group of 78 former United Football League players and team staff members are suing the U.F.L.&#x2019;s founder and chairman, William Hambrecht. In October, the league canceled the second half of its 2012 season because of financial problems. The plaintiffs said in the lawsuit filed in Las Vegas that they have not received any of the pay agreed
doc_id: 1982
BARCELONA 4, A.C. MILAN 0; Barcelona Sends Emphatic Message to the Doubters
Ninety minutes of mediocrity led to three weeks of hysterics for Barcelona , all of which was promptly dispatched in less than an hour Tuesday.&#xa; &#xa;That was all it took as the diminutive star Lionel Messi scored twice in the first 40 minutes of the Champions League Round of 16 second-leg match to push Barcelona to a dramatic 4-0 victory over
doc_id: 1983
LEADING OFF; Win a Super Bowl, Hit the Road
As the N.F.L. kicks off its annual personnel swap meet, better known as the free-agency signing period, it has gotten an early jump on baring its business side to the masses. That happened in a flurry of pre-free-agency moves, most notably the one in which the Super Bowl champion shipped one of its key players (receiver Anquan Boldin) to another
doc_id: 1984
NETS 108, HORNETS 98; This Time, Nets Beat a Lowly Opponent
With the Atlantic Division-leading Knicks slogging through a Western trip, the second-place Nets are in Brooklyn with a chance to cut the Knicks&#x2019; lead in the standings before they begin their own long Western swing next week. On Tuesday, one day after a dismal defeat to lowly Philadelphia, the short-handed Nets rebounded with a thorough and
doc_id: 1985
Big East&#x2019;s Final Act Gets Off to a Halting Start
The players from Seton Hall and South Florida were ready go, all 10 of them gathered around the center circle for the tip-off of the 2013 Big East tournament at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday night. But the referee Jeff Clark had not received the cue from television to begin.&#xa; &#xa;So for about 90 seconds, as &#x201C;Sandstorm&#x201D; by
doc_id: 1986
SPORTS BRIEFING | EXTREME SPORTS; X Games Cuts Competitions
The X Games will no longer feature the snowmobile or Moto X best trick competitions. The safety of snowmobile trick competitions came under scrutiny after Caleb Moore died Jan. 31 from injuries he sustained when his 450-pound sled rolled over him after a back flip in a freestyle competition. It was the first death in the 18-year history of the X
doc_id: 1987
Ailing Anthony Is &#x2018;Probably Probable&#x2019;
DENVER &#x2014; The stiffness in Carmelo Anthony &#x2019;s right knee lingered through another day, another flight and another city, threatening to put a crimp in his anticipated homecoming.&#xa; &#xa;Anthony is considered probable &#x2014; or &#x201C;probably probable,&#x201D; in the words of Coach Mike Woodson &#x2014; for Wednesday
doc_id: 1988
SPORTS BRIEFING | BASEBALL; Ramirez Will Play in Taiwan
Manny Ramirez signed a short-term contract to play with the EDA Rhinos in Taiwan&#x2019;s baseball league. The Rhinos said Ramirez, 40, will earn $25,000 a month for this year&#x2019;s March-November season. &#x201C;I don&#x2019;t think about the money and contract,&#x201D; Ramirez said. &#x201C;I just think it is a great opportunity for me and the
doc_id: 1989
SABRES 3, RANGERS 1; Lackluster Loss Puts an End to Tortorella&#x2019;s Era of Good Feeling
BUFFALO &#x2014; Just when John Tortorella was feeling good about the Rangers and their run of five victories in six games, they lost to the struggling Buffalo Sabres , 3-1, Tuesday night. Afterward, Tortorella erupted, the veins pulsing in his forehead.&#xa; &#xa;&#x201C;I don&#x2019;t think the Sabres were the hungrier team &#x2014; I thought we
doc_id: 1990
Eight States Approve Medication Standard
Horse racing took a significant step toward adopting tough uniform rules nationwide Tuesday when eight states agreed to operate their racetracks under one set of rules that will severely restrict the administration of medication.&#xa; &#xa;The states across the Mid-Atlantic region, including New York, winnowed what has long been an unruly list of
doc_id: 1991
USA 7, PUERTO RICO 1; Dominican Republic Wins Again but Remains Wary of U.S.
MIAMI &#x2014; As the Dominican Republic continues to buzzsaw its way through the World Baseball Classic, Manager Tony Pena talks of his team in reverent tones. They are on a mission, he says. There is a reason they are here. Maybe it would sound disingenuous if the Dominicans were not undefeated, if they were not so good.&#xa; &#xa;On Monday,
doc_id: 1992
SPORTS OF THE TIMES; Where Are the Yankees I Loved to Hate?
In their current disorienting austerity drive, the Sons of Boss have it backward.&#xa; &#xa;If I am not mistaken, part of the Yankees &#x2019; charter, registered with Major League Baseball, guarantees that the Yankees will spend money, stockpile talent and thoroughly grind the rest of baseball into the pavement. Instead, the heirs of George
doc_id: 1993
SPORTS BRIEFING | SOCCER; U.S. Women Rally to Tie
Facing its former coach, Pia Sundhage, for the first time, the United States women&#x2019;s team came from behind to tie Sweden, 1-1, on Alex Morgan&#x2019;s 56th-minute goal and advance to the Algarve Cup final. The Americans, who extended their unbeaten streak to 28 games, will play Germany in Wednesday&#x2019;s title game in Lagos, Portugal.
doc_id: 1994
Barcelona Facing An Early Ouster And Much Analysis
Barcelona has become the pre-eminent club team in soccer in recent years but now stands on the brink of being ousted from Europe&#x2019;s annual Champions League without even making it to the quarterfinals. It trails A.C. Milan by two goals as it prepares for the second leg of their matchup, on Tuesday, before a stadium full of Barcelona fans who
doc_id: 1995
LEADING OFF; The Heights of Hype
Now that we are well into March, it&#x2019;s time to brace for the coming onslaught. No, we&#x2019;re not talking about college basketball tournament madness. That is actually the enjoyable part, so fun we manage to block out reality and overlook the whole N.C.A.A. morass for a few minutes. No, the onslaught comes courtesy of CBS, which broadcasts
doc_id: 1996
THE FIFTH DOWN; Jets Sign Garrad
GLEN RIDGE, N.J. &#x2013; Mark Sanchez threw four interceptions in a must-win December game at Tennessee. He committed 26 turnovers overall, and for the second straight season. He was also benched twice. But it seems increasingly apparent that Sanchez will begin training camp as the Jets&#x2019; starting quarterback, regardless of how the team
doc_id: 1997
New Big East And Fox Team Up
No sports network loves college football and college basketball more than ESPN.&#xa; &#xa;But Fox Sports is showing enough passion to imagine that Rupert Murdoch, Fox&#x2019;s head coach, will one day be spotted on campuses on fall Saturdays donning oversize mascot heads to predict the winners of the football games carried by his empire. The levels
doc_id: 1998
ON BASEBALL; Europe Adds Luster to a Flawed Diamond
PHOENIX&#xa; &#xa;Brandon Phillips was a bat boy for the United States Olympic baseball team in 1996. It was a transformative experience, said Phillips, who was 15 and lived near Atlanta. Before the Olympics, Phillips said Sunday, his favorite sports had been football and basketball. &#x201C;Just being around the clubhouse with those guys, I
doc_id: 1999
SPURS 105, THUNDER 93; Spurs Regroup and Stay Atop West
SAN ANTONIO (AP) &#x2014; Tiago Splitter had 21 points and 10 rebounds, and the San Antonio Spurs snapped the Oklahoma City Thunder&#x2019;s five-game winning streak with a 105-93 victory Monday night.&#xa; &#xa;Kawhi Leonard scored 17 points, Danny Green had 16 and Tim Duncan finished with 13 as San Antonio (49-15) rebounded from its second-worst
